
as soon as Clay stepped foot in the store he was hit with the amazing scent of many flowers. so many it was almost overwhelming, almost. 

The store, just as Clay’s bakery, was mostly made out of wood, with many large vases and glass containers for the flowers to be held. It was beautiful, really. 

He strutted past the many items that the store sold until he reached a wooden shelf, filled with gardening equipment. He desperately needed to trim the rose bush that grew along the wall of the bakery, since it was growing really large. 

The blond picked out a pair of gardening scissors and a pair of rubber gloves. He chose a pair that were green, since it was his favorite colour.

Shortly after, he headed towards the counter located at the very front of the shop in order to pay for his items. There, a short, brown haired woman was stood. She was wearing a maroon top and white jeans, her curly hair reaching all the way down to her back. 

“Hi, Hannah.” Clay smiled at the woman. 

The brunette smiled back softly at the blond. “Good day, Clay.” 

Clay placed the items he held in his arms on the wooden surface of the counter, letting Hannah take them and look at their price tags. 

“And that’s all?” she asked politely while looking up at the blond with gentle, brown eyes. 

“Yup.” Clay answered swiftly, snatching the items as Hannah pushed them over to him once again. 

-

Clay wiped the sweat off of his forehead with the sleeve of his black hoodie. Slowly, he rose up from the kneeling position he was in and took a step back to admire his work. 

He had been working all morning with trimming the large rose bush. Even though it was tiresome, it was definitely worth it in the end. 

The bush was now looking neat and tidy, and not all over the place as it was before. Clay was filled with pride. He wasn’t used to doing gardening work, but he had to admit, the outcome of it all was very satisfying. Seeing how something so overgrown and rough turned into something so tidy and beautiful, and all because of his own work. 

A loud rumble sounded in the distance, and Clay looked over to see that the sky was quickly filling with dark clouds. The grey only came closer to the small town by the second, and shortly a gust of wind blew through the blond’s hair, messing it up a little. Steaks of where it already rained were visible from the dark clouds as well.

As Clay realized what was about to happen he swiftly grabbed the black garbage bag, filled with cut off twigs, that was stood beside him and headed inside. He didn’t want to get caught up in the thunderstorm that seemed to be arriving.

-

The sound of rain aggressively clattering on glass made Clay let out a breath that he didn’t even know he was holding. He sat on his bed and watched as the droplets made their way down the window. The storm had been going all afternoon, and now it was late in the evening, and dark outside. Both moon and stars barely visible behind the dark clouds.

Clay dropped down on his back, exhausted after a long day of gardening. His head landed on his soft pillow with a small thud. It was nice that it was raining, but the thunder was a little scary. Sometimes, it sounded like it was extremely close as well. 

The blond pulled the covers up to his chest and shifted to a comfortable position in his bed, finally closing his eyes, and drifting to sleep. 

But unfortunately, his sleep didn’t last for very long. A loud banging shot Clay awake. He figured that he hadn’t even slept for three hours, as it was still storming outside. 

Confused, Clay shook the banging off as being thunder as he closed his eyes again, in yet another attempt to sleep. But the banging only continued. 

Finally, he decided it was best to investigate. With annoyance running through him, Clay made his way downstairs. And it seemed to be the right way to go, as the banging only got louder. 

Clay made his way into the main room of the bakery and realized that the banging came from someone knocking on the door. The curtain was closed, so Clay didn’t see who it was, neither did he care. He was mad that someone had to interrupt his sleep, since he barely slept enough to begin with. 

With firm and determined steps, Clay made his way up to the front door. Aggressively, he put his hand up to the knob, and unlocked the door, swinging it open.

“Yes? Hello?” he spat without really thinking, letting his anger out at the person stood in front of him, only to immediately regret his tone at what met his gaze. 

Out in the storm stood a short, brown haired man. He was dressed in a soaking wet, navy blue, hooded coat, and black jeans, the fabric dripping with rain. The brunet was shaking from the cold, not even able to speak. He looked at the blond with tired and sad eyes, making Clay feel bad for how he had just shouted at the man.

Clay’s empathetic side spoke without him even realizing. “Oh no, I’m so sorry, come inside please.” he held the door open for the man to step inside, not hesitating to wrap his arm around the shorter. A knot of guilt formed in Clay’s stomach as he led the brunet to the nearest table, sitting him down on a chair. 

“Wait here, I’ll get you something to warm up.” the blond comforted, earning a small nod from the shaking man. 

Hurriedly, Clay made his way to his bedroom to get dry clothes for the boy downstairs. He picked out an oversized, white sweater, a pair of grey sweatpants, fuzzy socks, a pair of dry boxers, as well as a large blanket, before heading down to the main room again.

He stressfully placed the items on the table beside the man. “Here you go.” he blurted out swiftly before making his way into the kitchen, to make the man tea.



i should’ve waited… i should’ve.. but i couldnt… 
i dont have any trust left in me for anyone… i never had any trust in me to begin with. 
i wander around the rooms upstairs, nothing else to do anyways… theres fancy couches and paintings… 
i remember heather mentioning how rich his parents were. “dang… punz really is loaded..” i murmur to myself. 
im surprised when i hear a voice behind me reply, “i sure am.” i jump, “oh hey! sorry… for looking around, im was just curious,” “nah nah- its fine man…” he says cheerfully, stepping into the room. 
i pick at my fingers awkwardly so he adds, “i can see why you went upstairs, its…. a riot downstairs.” 
my eyes widen, “wow ok… im definitely glad im not down there,” 
he nods, agreeing, “yep… its hard to not get wasted…” then he realizes what he’s saying, “IM SORRY…. this is making my parties sound horrible! they’re great… but unless you wanna get wasted, stay away from the action…” 
i nod nervously, “alright… i’ll keep that in mind,” 
punz gasps, “god… i left ponk… alright im gonna have to go… do you know where dream is? i heard he’s here…” 
i hide my frown and tell him he’s probably downstairs. im pretty sure…
i decide its best for me to leave so i follow him along the 2nd floor hallway. i glance out onto the balconies, just to check, and it confirms my worst suspicion, there he is… sitting, dangling his legs off the edge. i whince, “if you’ll excuse me please,” i say to punz, he nods. i wait for him to go downstairs before taking a deep breath,  fuck. and stepping out onto the balcony. 

“whoever it is please fuck off.” i say, just wanting to be alone. why cant i just be alone for 10 minutes without someone bothering me. i see legs dangle down next to mine and glance up, quickly looking back down. “especially you.” he’s silent for a few minutes, probably contemplating what to say. he starts with a deep breath, “i-im sorry clay, i thought you werent gonna come back.” i scoff, “and i thought you could trust me enough to wait for 5 minutes.” he flinches, “that wasnt 6 minutes,” he says disbelievingly. i say dryly, “fuck yeah it was. i literally just ran down there and ran back up… like fuck can you really not be alone for less than five minutes?!?” he’s silent. serves him right, he deserved every bit of that. my brain tells me, it was a bit harsh, but deserved… right? i fidget with the bottom of my shirt, i look over at his feet kicking the air. and decide to try it too. he stares up at the stars, “do you like space?” 

i watch his face as it turns the slightest bit red. he says shyly, “do i like it? no. am i obsessed with it in every way possible, yes.” i laugh quietly, “its interesting… what about stars?” he looks over at me incredulously, “thats space idiot….. but… stars are great.” he tilts his head up studying them. after a few seconds of silence i add, “hey… do you want to leave? the noise is even starting to reach here-” his mouth twitches but he doesnt say anything for a moment, “i…sure, lets go” i help him up, he murmurs “thanks,” in response and my heart glows, for some stupid reason i dont like to think about.


“Please tell me you have Aspirin or something.” Dream groans, smushing his face into his pillow. 

“That would make it worse.” George answers. He rummages through his suitcase, looking back at his friend’s silhouette. “So you came all the way to the UK without any medication whatsoever? What if one of you idiots got sick on the plane? What would you have done?” 

“I don’t know, suffer? Stop asking questions, you’re making my blockhead hurt.” Dream mumbles into the satin. George shakes his head and goes back to shifting his clothes out of the way, looking for a clear plastic bag. 

“Got it,” He mutters. He takes the small bottle of Acetaminophen and three tablets of Tums out. Walking over, he sits down on the bed next to Dream and shakes his shoulder. “Here.”

His friend sits up next to him and George shakes two each of the different tablets into Dream’s palm, handing him a bottle of water. He then pops the third into his mouth, crunching on the sweet antacid. 

“Are you sure I won’t die from taking all this?” Dream asks, tipping the medication into his mouth. 

“I think you have a fifty-fifty chance.” He shrugs.

“I mean my odds could be worse.” Dream smirks. “How do you know all this, I don’t know, medical stuff?”

George scoffs, laying down on his back. “First of all, you should know what to take when you have an upset stomach, it’s basic general knowledge,” 

“I usually have Google,” The taller man points out. 

George rolls his eyes. “-my mom was a nurse and I went to the hospital with her a lot. Picked up a few things. I even know how to suture, within reason.” He mentions proudly.

“Seriously?” Dream raises his eyebrows. The shorter male nods. 

He sits up off the bed and tosses the bag into his suitcase. The blonde was now laying down on the bed again, his pillow underneath his stomach. George gets beneath the covers and pulls his phone out of his pocket, scrolling through his Twitter feed. Such a great way to start off their vacation.

It’s about half an hour later when George finally gets off of social media. He thinks about calling it a day but realizes one of them should probably be awake until Sapnap comes back. Exhaling slowly, he opens Youtube to catch up on anything he missed from the past two days.

Feeling Dream slowly inch towards him, George raises both his hands to his chest and out of his lap. “You have no concept of personal space.” He says into the dark, looking down at the head of strawberry blonde hair snuggled up against him. 

Dream groans in reply. 

George’s phone unfortunately dies and he reaches over to plug it into the charger near the bed. He stares at the ceiling wondering when Sapnap would be back. Considering how deep in conversation he was in with Karl when they left, probably not any time soon. 

He looks back down abruptly as he feels Dream shift his head on top of his lap, his face contorted into a frown.

He sighs leaning back on his pillow, not having enough motivation to move. The medication should start working in another half an hour so his friend shouldn’t be in too much pain. Hopefully. He was learning first-hand that Dream was annoyingly cuddly when he was sick. 

“George, I think I’m dying,” He states. “Tell Sapnap he can have my PC. Give Drista my money, tell her to carry on my legacy. I leave Patches to you, take care of her for me.” 

George scoffs. “God you’re such a wimp.” 

The other man lets out a cry of agony and George turns his head toward him, legitimately concerned. He presses his face into George’s stomach like a child, scrunching his eyes shut. At this point, George didn’t believe Dream was thinking straight. “What the hell is this, do we have to go to a hospital?”

“No. Just shut up for a minute.” Dream murmurs wearily. George hesitates for a moment before rolling his eyes and dropping his hands into his friend’s messy blonde locks, combing through them absentmindedly. He huffs in amusement at Dream’s hum of approval, tugging at the soft strands gently.

“This is remission for saving me from that butterfly knife.” He justifies, only half-joking.Dream returns only a sigh to the statement, the creases in his features slowly loosening as he falls asleep. George catches himself staring and looks away quickly, his eyes falling to the opposing wall.

He only jolts out of his tired stupor when the sound of the door opening reaches his ears. Shit, he had zoned out again. Before he could get up, Sapnap strides into their room. 

“George, are you-oh.” Sapnap stops, looking at him with an unreadable expression. “Am I interrupting something?” He asks teasingly. 

The Brit quickly shifts Dream off of him and crosses his arms against his chest. “You’re such an idiot. He had a stomach ache and was being a big baby about it.” 

“Mm hm. Okay. Well I’m going to bed. You can go back to whatever that was.”

“Sapnap!” 

Sapnap raises both his hands in defense and closes the door behind him, chuckling slightly at himself. George was so easy to fluster.

The Brit leans his back against the bed, rubbing his temples. He glances over at his friend, noticing his face was no longer twisted into an expression of pain. The medicine was starting to work thankfully. He closes his eyes, tilting his head back. He was quite tired even though it was only half past eleven, according to his phone that was charged to almost 25 percent.

Hopefully tomorrow they can actually do stuff normal people do on vacation. 




George stirs, cradling his pillow close to his chest. He reaches over and grabs his phone. 5:20 in the frickin morning. He groans and turns over, knowing he won’t be able to go back to sleep. Where’s Dream? The taller man was nowhere to be found.


He steps out onto the cold floor, arching his back to release the tension from the horrible position his brilliant self had decided to fall asleep in. George catches sight of blonde hair shining through the glass, and steps out onto the balcony overlooking the sleeping city. 

“Hey,” Dream greets. George hums in reply and stands next to him, looking out at the soft hues of dawn. “You’re up early.” 

“So are you.” He points out. Dream shrugs and nods, keeping his eyes on the horizon. 

“Hey-” Dream complains as George casually takes his coffee mug out of his hand and chugs it down. “Yeah sure you can have that.” He says dryly. 

“Thanks.” George yawns. “Are you feeling better?” 

Dream smiles smugly. “Aw you care, how sweet.” 

“I don’t, you’re just insufferable when you’re sick.” The shorter man shoots back. 

“Yeah I believe that.” Dream laughs, a strong hand gripping the railing to steady himself.

George looks up at him, feeling a rush of elation trickle into his bloodstream. His laughter was so free, so pure. It tickled his ears, sounding childish despite his appearance being so masculine and mature. Every time he realizes Dream was here, solid and in person next to him, this feeling gets deeper, more complete, more captivating. 

Dream exhales, leaning forward. He feels a pair of eyes on him and looks down into the brunette’s pensive gaze. The polished dark amber seemed to glow in the first rays of dawn, it was mesmerizing. The other man continues to stare at him, a small smile gracing his lips as though he didn’t register what was going on around him. 

“Earth to George,” Dream calls after a while. George’s eyes dart away, looking back at the slowly rising sun.”What is it?”

“What is what?” He questions.

“You looked like you were in the process of solving global warming or something. Come on, spill. What’s the secret?” Dream snorts, earning him a shove. 

“You could never know, thinking is a foreign concept for you.” George retorts. Dream shakes his head, fighting to keep a smile off his face.

They stayed out on the balcony until the sun was well into the cerulean sky, only retreating into the chilled apartment when the temperature started to rise. They sat in the living room bantering endlessly. Their chatter was chaotic but they both always looked forward to it. There was a reason their audience liked seeing their personalities together. Their conversations brought out a carefree side of the both of them that provided entertainment for them and everyone watching. 

It was no different in person. 




Once Sapnap finally woke up and joined them, they actually had a proper breakfast at a small family-owned restaurant instead of a weird brunch-linner thing. They grabbed a taxi and Dream showed the driver where they needed to go privately, despite George’s protests.




“I don’t understand why you can’t tell me. Do you know?” George grouches, turning to Sapnap who was trying his hardest not to laugh.

“Yeah I know. We kinda planned this.” Sapnap answers, exchanging a look with Dream. 

“I feel like I’m not going to like this.” George mutters.

He definitely did not like this. He looks up at the red-lettered sign in Italian, but he didn’t need to understand it to recognize where they were. They walk into the small store and a short lady leads them through the back to the large lot. 

Motorcycles. Lots and lots of motorcycles.

They are led to the end of the lot, where two black sports bikes were resting in the sweltering heat. Sapnap accepts his key from the lady as Dream signs off on the paperwork. He gets on his bike effortlessly, as though he had done it a thousand times before and turns on the engine, smiling as the vehicle comes to life. He turns onto the trial road and speeds off, leaving Dream and George in the dust.

“This is why you asked me if I knew how to drive a motorcycle that one day on the call you prick.” George groans, watching as Sapnap gets farther and farther away from them. “It was so random I didn’t even think-“

“Yup.” The blonde smiles. “Surprise?” 

“Dream.” George breathes. “We really couldn’t have gotten a car?” 

“What’s the fun in that? Besides, you need the experience. There’s nothing like it.” Dream responds, his eyes glazed over as though he was trapped in a memory.

“We. Are. Going. To. Die.” George annunciates, throwing his head back. 

“We’re not!” Dream exclaims, wrapping an arm around the Brit’s shoulder. “Come on, do you want to go on a trial run?”

George swallows. “I think I’ll have a stay-cation at the apartment. You guys can see Italy.” 

“Geooorge.” He whines.

“Dreeeam. No way.” George refuses.

“Well, there’s no other way to get back home-“

“I’ll take a taxi duh.” 

Dream thinks for a moment, he then grins and reaches into George’s back pocket, plucking his wallet out before the shorter man realizes what happened. “Oh yeah? Let’s see how you do that now.” He beams, holding it above his head. 

“Dream, what the hell! Give it back!” George stands on his tippy toes, using the tall man’s arm to boost himself up to no avail. “Dream, I can’t.” 

“Oh come on, you’re not scared are you?” Dream taunts.

George swallows. He’s not scared, he just might faint. “Did you see how people were driving around here? We’re going to die.” 

“It’s fine! Me and Sap are professionals!” Dream assures. As he says that, Sapnap stands up on his motorcycle, whooping as he comes back towards them on the looped road. He notices George’s agitated expression and softens his tone. “You don’t even have to drive. Just try it out.” 

George glances at the puppy-dog eyes Dream was giving him and melts. God he hated that. “Alright, fine. I hate you so much. Give me my wallet back.” George sighs, grabbing it out of the other’s hand as soon as it’s lowered. 

The Brit grins to himself for a moment before booking it away from Dream. Maybe he can grab one of the few taxis outside the store before Dream can catch him.

No such luck. He only gets about halfway across the lot before he feels strong arms wrap around his waist, preventing him from going any further. He struggles to free himself, wriggling in his friend’s grasp.”Dream, let go!”

“Haha, nice try. Did you seriously think that was going to work?” Dream snickers. He rolls his eyes as the short man continues to try and getaway. He didn’t want to say it, but George is kinda weak. And it’s absolutely hysterical.

Meanwhile, George was seriously considering kicking Dream in the dick to get free. 

He ends up going for the face instead, dropping what he thought was a light strike against the taller man’s nose. However, he’s immediately dropped to the ground, and Dream stumbles backward holding a hand to his face.

“Aw fuck.” He murmurs, holding his nose. The short male picks himself up off the road and takes a step toward him, guilt written all over his face. 

“Shit, Dream I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do that-” George swallows. He hesitantly reaches for Dream’s hand to access the damage when the taller man drops it, revealing a shiny grin.

“Gotcha.” Dream snickers, mocking George’s expression. The shorter man sighs in relief, before his face turns pink in annoyance.

“That wasn’t funny!” George says, pushing away from him in embarrassment. 

“It was a little funny.” Dream responds, a lazy smile on his lips. 

“Fuck you.” George mutters, brushing the gravel embedded into his palms onto his pants.

“Wha-language!” Dream states firmly, imitating Bad’s voice. 




George walks away from him. Stupid jerk. He hears Dream jog to catch up to him, walking alongside him to where Sapnap was still riding around the trial loop. “I don’t want to look at your stupid face Dream.” He rolls his eyes.

“Ok, look at my pretty face then.” Dream smirks.

“Last time I checked, you only had one face.” George returns, having none of his bullshit. 

Humor bubbles out of Dream’s throat, loud wheezes conveying his unrestrained mirth. “Ok, ok.” The Floridian catches his breath. “You-you got me there.”

“Sapnap! Get your ass over here now!” George yells as Sapnap passes by. The man immediately turns his bike around and slows to a stop in front of the two.

“First of all, arse.” Sapnap snickers. “Second of all, Dream what the hell did you do, why is he mad? Gogy’s scary when he’s mad.” He shudders. 

“Shut up Sap. Anyway, if I’m doing this I’m not going with that asshole.” George says, stepping away from Dream and sending a glare in his direction.

Sapnap chuckles but shakes his head. “Sorry Gog. I’d love to but Dream wanted to show you the experience first hand so I, unfortunately, can’t.” 

Dream smiles and high-fives Sapnap, sticking his tongue out at George. “Now you’re stuck with me.” He teases. 

George sighs. “Lucky me. Let’s go, I want to get this over with.” Sapnap drives alongside them as they walk over to their own gleaming vehicle. The Brit gulps, trying to steady his breathing.

“Ok I’m sorry George. Can you stop being mad now?” Dream pleads. 

“No you’re a prick.” George refuses. 

Dream sighs animatedly and gets on the bike, gesturing for George to follow. “Ok, I’m holding the bike up so it shouldn’t be too wobbly. Get on the seat behind.” He instructs. “You’re gonna have to hold on to me, unless you want to fall off.” 

George climbs on, holding onto the taller man’s shoulders, his heart already pounding rapidly in his chest. No big deal, just facing one of his biggest fears, no big deal! Dream walks the bike over to a stand and hands George a helmet, putting one on himself. “Sapnap you need one too.” Dream reminds him.

“Come on man! We’ve been doing this forever!” Sapnap complains. Dream and George both shoot him a look and he caves, grumbling as he pulls one over his head.

They both stop near the paved road and Dream turns to look at him. “Ready?”

“Not one bit.” George shakes his head. Sapnap pulls out onto the road slowly, letting Dream follow him. They pick up their mileage just a bit, having the luxury of going slow due to the wide and open road stretched out in front of them.

George peels his eyes open, looking around him. Ok, not too bad. So far it’s not completely horrible. He could possibly survive this.

Suddenly, Dream speeds ahead of Sapnap, the motorcycle shooting across the road, gaining speed at a fast rate. “DREAM! ” George screams. Sapnap laughs behind them and races to catch up, disappointed that he isn’t able to see George’s terrified expression through the helmet. 

The Brit lets out another ear-splitting scream, holding on tightly to his friend’s neck. “Come on George! It’s so much fun!” Dream yells, looping in and out of the white markings on the road.

“Dream stop!” George yells, feeling his blood pressure skyrocket. 

“I seem to recall you calling me a prick? I mean the countless “I’m an idiots,” I could go on and on!” Dream teases, shouting over the loud wind rushing past them.

“STOP! Dream, I’m serious!” George yells, his voice already going hoarse. The blonde accelerates a little bit more, leaning forward into the front of the bike. 

“What? ” Dream calls innocently.

“Ok I’m sorry! I’m sorry Dream, please I’m sorry! Please just stop this thing.” George spills into the other’s back, hugging the man tightly and clenching his eyes shut, his hands tightly twisted into the fabric of Dream’s shirt. 

The taller man rolls his shoulders and lets up on the speed, slowly waning until they are at a reasonable rate. He grins at Sapnap who was giggling uncontrollably and turns his head back toward the brunette behind him. “Open your eyes George.” He commands softly. 

The Brit slowly brings his face out of Dream’s shoulder, looking to his left at the rolling hills passing by. His racing heart begins to slow as he allows the fragrance of earth to fill his nostrils. He watches the changing yellow hues of the grasses and the birds above their heads, dancing with one another in a seemingly choreographed routine. 

Feeling a slight bit more confident, he lifts the helmet off his head, relishing in the cold wind that sweeps through his hair, feeling the freshness on his skin. George felt something shift and click, as though this moment unlocked something within him, giving him the sweet feeling of freedom he hadn’t felt in so long.

The brunette tightens his loosened grip on Dream’s waist and rests his face onto the man’s back. “You good?” He feels the tremor of his friend’s laughter against his neck. 

“Thanks.” The Brit utters simply, still holding on to the blonde securely.

“No problem.” Dream smiles under his helmet. “You’re going to kill me when we get off of this thing aren’t you?”

“Most definitely.” George informs him reassuringly. 

“Expected. Put your helmet on, we’re about to reach the city.” Dream sighs, accepting his fate. “Sapnap you have Google Maps on right?” He shouts.

“Yeah, we’re good.” Sapnap yells into the breeze. “Next stop, plants!” 




Clay returned to the brunet with a hot cup of herbal tea in his hands. To his delight, the man had now changed into the dry clothes, the wet ones piled up on the hardwood floor. The man sat wrapped like a burrito in the large blanket Clay had given him. Not until now had Clay realized how cute the other looked, as he was so stressed earlier.  

The blond made his way up to the table where the man was sat, grabbing a chair and sitting down beside him. He placed the cup he was holding on the red and white checkered cloth, the beverage still steaming from how hot it was. 

“What’s that?” the brunet spoke in a British accent, his voice low and raspy from being out in the rain. He pointed to the cup, tilting his head slightly.

“It’s tea” Clay answered. “I made it for you.” he smiled softly at the other, who smiled back.

“Thanks.” 

The man gently grasped the cup with both of his hands and lifted it up to his lips, carefully taking a small sip of the liquid.

“Ow.” he made a face. “Hotter then I expected.” he giggled as he put one of his hands up to his burnt mouth. 

The silence between the two quickly grew loud. Clay, even though kind, was really bad at staring conversation, especially with people he had never met before. He started restlessly fiddling with the strings of his hoodie, watching as the other blew slightly in the tea he was holding, the beverage still too hot to drink. 

Finally, Clay decided to speak. “So..”

He caught the brunet’s attention, who turned to face the man sitting beside him. “Hm?”

“What’s your name? Mine’s Clay by the way.”

“My name’s George.” the brunet smiled warmly at Clay, making the blond’s freckled cheeks turn a light pink. 

-

“So where will you be staying tonight then, George?” Clay was now stood in the kitchen, thoroughly scrubbing the teacup clean with a sponge. The feeling of warm, soapy water lingering on his fingertips. 

“I don’t know actually..” George answered. He stood leaned over the marbled countertop, opposite to Clay, and was resting his face in his hands. 

As Clay put the cup away in a cupboard, he kept speaking. “I’m guessing you don’t want to go out there again.” he gestured to the window, where it was still storming outside. 

“Mhm.” the brunet answered distantly, he looked like he was extremely tired, barely able to concentrate, nor keep his eyes open for the matter. He blinked a couple of times and yawned. 

Clay, however, was deep in thought. George really seemed like he needed somewhere to stay, and the blond had quickly grown a liking to the other.. he had made up his mind. “You know what?”

“What?” 

“You can sleep here tonight if you’d like. There are no hotels or inns nearby anyways, you were lucky I even heard you knocking on the door.” he chuckled softly, hoping that George would like the idea. 

“Really?” George tilted his head slightly upwards to meet the other’s gaze, his eyes widening. “You’d be fine with that?” 

“Of course.” Clay chuckled. “I was the one who proposed the idea y’know?” 

“Yeah, yeah.” the brunet giggled. “Seriously though, thank you for this.” 

“No worries, I’m sure I have a spare mattress somewhere around here anyways.” 

-

“Are you still sure bout this? I can sleep on the floor, this is your bed after all.” 

George was laid in Clay’s bed, the blond laying on a thin mattress on the floor by it’s side. It was a little uncomfortable, he had to admit, but he was also very stubborn, and not willing to let the other sleep on the mattress.

“Oh come on now. It’s whatever really.” he smiled softly at the brunet, even though he probably couldn’t see it in the dark room. The only source of light came from the open window by the bed, which casted dim, blue-ish streaks over the room. It was no longer storming outside, but it was still rather cloudy. 

“If you say so.” Clay could hear the sound of sheets rustling, meaning that the Brit was finally getting comfortable in the bed. “Good night, Clay.” his voice was barely a breathy whisper, but just loud enough for the blond to hear. 

Clay smiled as he shifted on the mattress. George seemed like a nice person, he wanted to get to know him even better. Sure, they had chatted a little earlier, but not enough to know a lot about each other. It wasn’t really weird though, I mean, who knows everything about a person only a couple of hours after just meeting them?

The blond’s mind raced with thoughts about George, but eventually, he couldn’t bare to be awake anymore, and drifted into a deep sleep.

-

A familiar beeping woke Clay, and out of routine, he turned it off and went downstairs. Strangely enough, George didn’t wake up from the noise, the Brit must have been really tired from the night before. And who could blame him? 

The blond went up to his wardrobe and picked out a plain white tee and a pair of black jeans, as well as some white socks. He then swiftly changed into the clothes before moving downstairs. 

With light steps, Clay made his way down into the kitchen. He was careful not to make much noise and wake the other, since the brunet seemed to still be sleeping heavily. 

Clay rubbed the tiredness out of his eyes as he thought of what he wanted to bake today. At last, he decided to go with making scones.

Soon multiple trays and bowls were scattered across the marbled countertop. Clay was stirring in a large bowl of dough, soon ready to pour it out and knead it with his hands. 

He started humming a tune. Even though he had just recently woken up, and had gotten barely any sleep at all, he wasn’t all that tired. It was probably because baking was his favorite activity. He just couldn’t get bored of it. 

As Clay poured the large batch of dough onto the lightly floured counter, he heard a slight creak come from the stairs leading down from the bedroom, a familiar, British, voice along with it.

“Good morning.” George spoke, rubbing his eyes slightly as he walked up to the counter, standing at the opposite side of where Clay was stood baking, and leaned on his elbows.

He was still dressed in the oversized, white sweater, and grey sweatpants that Clay had given him  yesterday. His dark brown hair was messy from sleep, going in almost every single direction possible on George’s head. 

“Good morning, George.” Clay answered. “Slept well?” he asked politely. 

“I slept very well, yes.” the brunet yawned while stretching his arms out widely. 

“Glad to hear.” Clay smiled, beginning to knead the dough on the counter. He could almost feel the other eyeing him up and down as he baked. He seemed intrigued by something. 

“That’s a big batch.” the Brit remarked, his gaze clearly fixated on Clay’s hands as he firmly worked the dough. 

“Mhm.” the blond hummed, still focused on his task. “I have many customers.” he spoke, earning a puzzled look from George. 

“Customers?” he asked. Confused, he tilted his head.

“Yeah, I sell stuff, this is my bakery.” Clay waved his hands around as he talked, getting some flour on his shirt in the process. 

“Oh.. I didn’t notice that.” George laughed. “I guess I was too cold and tired yesterday to even notice.” he joked. “I just needed somewhere to stay the night.” 

‘To stay the night’ huh? In a way, that sentence was weirdly disappointing to Clay. He hadn’t had an experience with meeting new people in a while, but he liked George, and had been hoping that their time together wouldn’t have to go by so fast. 

“Oh yeah..” the blond tried not to make his disappointment too obvious as he spoke. “Will you be leaving now that you’re feeling better?” 

George gave Clay a serious look, locking eyes with him for barely a second before quickly looking away again. The blond saw the other’s cheeks turn a slight pink colour, it was really noticeable on his pale skin, but he decided not to comment on it. 

The brunet’s emotions however, quickly changed. “I don’t really know where to go..” George answered, seeming almost a little sad, and hesitant. 

Seeing how the other was genuinely upset made Clay’s heart ache. He knew that he was helpful, and willing to make stupid choices that could affect him long term, just for the sake of helping others, but was he willing to do the same for someone he had just met? The simple answer was yes, yes he was.

Clay quickly proposed another idea, barely even thinking it through, and he didn’t care either. All he wanted was to help. 

“You can stay here for longer if you want to, I’m completely fine with it.” it wasn’t until after he had spoken Clay realized how weird, and clingy, that probably sounded. But to his surprise, George’s gaze seemed to light up with joy at the words. 

That made Clay forget about his stupid, in the moment, decisions. 

“Actually?” George smiled widely. He was bursting with joy, the quick mood change almost unbelievable. 

“Yes, of course.” Clay was happy that the other also seemed like he wanted to stay. “Heck, stay for however long you want, I don’t care.” he chuckled. 

Maybe letting George stay was a stupid decision, but right now, Clay couldn’t care less, he was always happy to help someone in need.


Finally the bell rings and i walk to history. I sit down and sigh, its over

I bounce, i twirl, i spin into class. Knocking into a boys desk. Sorry sorry, i say as i look up. Its him, from the lunch room. I panic and back up into someone elses desk. Everyone snickers. i sit down, great start to the year clay, someone whispers.

He seems a mess, and that mess flops down into a sit in front of me. A boy beside him taps his leg. I mind my own business, but occasionally, glance at him. It doesn’t look like he can focus. i want to help somehow, then erase the thought.

Sapnap flicks me. Ouch sap, i say, didnt know you’d be here this year. You literally sat with me at lunch, not that you’d notice, with that boy, he replys jealously. “Whatever”, i blush, “you know how hard it is for me to focus”. “hmmm” he muses, “especially with cute boys sitting alone at tables huh.”

i pretend not to be listening, its rude, isnt it. but i cant help it, was he talking about me? i hope so, but then erase yet another thought from my mind. what a pitiful thought.

“You shouldn’t talk to him” he says. “i dont know sap, maybe i will” i reply. he widens his eyes and says “no. he’s a nobody, dont talk to him” 

ouch ive decided i dont like this friend very much. i tap my shoes lightly together.

“whatever man, that was rude”, i say as i turn away. he scoffs and pulls out his phone.

Finally the end of class, but then again, another chance to stand alone, awkwardly pretending to check my phone. I go out and sit on a stone wall. Uncomfortable, but its ok, im used to it.
George wakes up the next morning with a major headache. He reaches for his bedside table, only to realize he was on the wrong side, and falls off. Catching himself with his hands, he groans and shakes his head trying to clear his spinning vision. He stumbles to the bathroom and takes his medication, resting his hands against the sink until the lightheadedness stops. 

After taking a quick shower he brushes his teeth, taking extra time as he realized he had fallen asleep before doing so the previous night. 

He walks back into the bedroom and to his closet, changing his shirt but leaving his sweats on. George steps around Dream and sits on the edge of the bed, careful not to wake Sapnap. 

He grabs his phone that was half-drained off the floor and checks the time, 11:45 AM. He should probably go grab some brunch for them then.

 He glances at Sapnap who was snoring softly and then at Dream who was shivering due to a lack of a blanket. What an idiot. George walks out into the living room and grabs the spare blanket on the couch. He enters the room and tosses the blanket on top of him.

Back in the living room, he sends a brief text in the group chat just in case they wake up before he’s back and locks the door behind him. 


Sapnap awakes to the stupid sun shining through his skull and into his brain. Everything was against him. Shoving the comforter off of himself, he sends a glare at the open blinds before heading to the bathroom. He washes his face and walks back to the bed, only noticing then that George was nowhere to be found.

Heh, Georgenotfound. But seriously where was he? 

Sapnap steps around his sleeping friend and checks the apartment, finding nothing. Frowning, he goes back into the bedroom and looks for his phone, only to find it dead. Well, this morning was going perfectly. 

“Dream. Dream, wake up.” Sapnap says, shaking his shoulder. The other man squints his eyes open and groans when he realizes who it is. 

“Few more minutes.” 

“Dude I can’t find George and my phone is dead. What’s your password again?” Sapnap asks, grabbing the phone from the charger.

“Hm sure yeah.” Dream answers, not paying attention to a word Sapnap was saying. 

Sapnap tilts his head in annoyance, looking at him for a second. He then makes the executive decision of flicking Dream in the face until he opens his eyes, shoving the phone in front of him and unlocking it with Face ID. “You can go back to sleep now.” 

“Ow you dick, can’t now. What’s happening?” Dream asks, running a hand down his face. 

“Probably nothing,” Sapnap replies. He’s about to click the phone app when he notices Dream has a few texts. He opens the app and is relieved to find a text from George in the group chat amongst them. 


George to you and Sapnap: I’m out getting brunch. I doubt you guys will wake up before I get back but if you do, don’t freak out. 

Dream: Too late-Sapnap

Dream: My phone died…was just a little alarmed 


Sapnap hands the phone back to the taller man and grabs his own phone off the bed, plugging it into Dream’s charger. 

“So what do we do today?” Dream asks, scrolling through Instagram. 

“Well, you can start by emailing my plane ticket to me. Look at me, I didn’t even need my reminder.” Sapnap says proudly. 

“Oh wow, Snapmap remembered something.” He answers, his tone laced with sarcasm. Sapnap rolls his eyes. Dream exits out of Instagram and pulls up the tickets, sending them to Sapnap’s email. 


George to you and Sapnap: Just a little? I’m hurt


Sapnap and Dream hear the door open and the rustling of paper bags just as the text comes in. They head out to greet their friend, who was placing the food on the kitchen island. “Charge your phone next time.” George remarks as he hears them come down the hall. 

“Whatever.” Sapnap says as Dream goes over to George’s side, looking through the bags. 

“Ooo Mcdonalds.” Dream hums, taking in the smell of the oily french fries. Screw health, this shit is the best. 

George wrinkles his nose and grabs his bag, pulling out a black plastic bowl containing his grilled chicken salad. Gripping the plastic fork, he looks back up to see Dream and Sapnap staring at him, their mouths open in disgust. 

“Ahh what?” George asks, wrinkling his eyebrows. Did he have something on his face? 

“Are you high?” Dream asks seriously. George stares.

“Who orders a salad from Mcdonalds? Oh please tell me you didn’t get us that filth too.” Sapnap says, rushing forward, dramatically throwing out the napkins and sighing in relief when he finds cheeseburgers accompanied by a box of twenty-piece chicken nuggets and french fries. 

“What’s wrong with the salad?” George asks, genuinely confused. “It’s actually pretty good.” 

“I can’t deal with this right now.” Dream says, shaking his head. He plucks the unopened cheeseburger out of Sapnap’s hand and sits down on the barstool, sighing in disappointment and taking a big bite.

 Sapnap glowers at him and reaches back into the bag, delighted to find barbeque sauce to go with the chicken nuggets. He hoists himself onto the countertop and sits on the edge, letting George sit on the stool next to Dream.

“You guys are weird.” George says, sitting down and munching on his lettuce. Dream subtly scoots away from him, shielding his burger. 

George notices and takes a forkful of salad, shoving it in Dream’s face. The taller man gasps in surprise and almost falls off his chair trying to get away. “Get that away from me!”

“Oh no not the vegetables!” George deadpans, taking a bite from the greens on the fork. 

Sapnap just observes from above, munching on his chicken nuggets. He should get paid for this crap. “So, what are we doing today Georgie?” He asks, licking his fingers. He hops off the surface and throws his trash away, washing his hands in the sink. 

“Pack? I don’t know. When is our flight…12 AM?” He questions, pulling out his phone. “Yeah,12.” He confirms. 

“I really doubt packing a few undies is going to take ten hours,” Dream comments. 

“Let’s just stay in, play Minecraft. It’s not like we’ll be able to for the next two weeks.” Sapnap points out. He’s going to miss playing with everyone, he wants to at least say goodbye.

“Ok, I’m fine with that.” Honestly, George only jumped on the idea because he was just too lazy to go out. They would be getting more exercise than wanted, walking around looking at the attractions in Italy, so might as well be idle when they could.



George watches, head in hands, as Sapnap and Dream play bedwars on his PC. They had informed only a few people of their whereabouts but played with almost everybody. Everybody had turned in or switched games except for Quackity who was still streaming. He feels the bed dip as Dream sits next to him, watching Sapnap basically carry their team, as Quackity was too busy eating chips to notice their bed had been broken. 

“THEY FU-QUACKITY! I GIVE YOU ONE JOB-” Sapnap screams into the mic, as he was being double teamed by the opposing yellow team.

“Mm this is so good. Oh, is something happening?” Quackity asks around his food. 

“Mother-” Sapnap stops himself while managing to knock off the players, buying him a little time. “You are like the worst partner!” 

“Your honor? Your honor, Sapitus Napitus is verbally oppressing me. Your honor, I request reparation.” Quackity says, George and Dream being able to hear his eccentric voice through Sapnap’s headphones.

“Yes! Got em, Quackity get your butt over here,” Sapnap says, completely ignoring him, his brows furrowed in concentration as he destroyed yellow’s bed. 

George and Dream watch in slight amusement as Quackity dies speed bridging over to the pink base where they were supposed to meet up, leaving Sapnap alone to try and win. 



“I’m bored.” George whines, falling onto the pillow on his back. 

“What do you mean bored? This is the epitome of entertainment right here.” Dream snickers, gesturing to the fuming Sapnap sitting a few feet away from them. George flops back over to his stomach, a glint of silver catching his interest. 

“Whoa, what are those?” George asks, pointing at Dream’s fingers. 

“Those would be rings?” Dream answers, his eyebrow raised. George rolls his eyes. 

“I know that idiot. Why do you have so many of them on?” He asks, examining them as Dream holds his hands up. He had one, in some cases two, on almost every finger, with the exception of his ring fingers. They were all mostly black titanium, only two on each hand being the silvery platinum color that had caught his attention.

“I don’t know, they’re fun to fidget with. And I like how they feel.” He shrugs. George nods, they do look fun to fidget with.

 Dream notices the shorter man staring and huffs in amusement. He removes the rings on his left hand and drops them on George’s fingers. They all slide down, the only one fitting correctly being the pinky ring that Dream had put on the other man’s index finger.

 George now understood what he meant by “liking how they felt.” The cool metal against his skin made him feel more steady and in control, and he liked the way they weighed his hands down. “Do they have a particular significance?” 

Dream looks up from the humorous sight and up to George’s gaze. “Ah, meaning?” 

“There’s different designs and stuff on them, is that symbolism or something?” George asks, looking up at Dream. 

“Ah no, I got them cus I thought they looked cool. Well actually…” Dream reaches over and pulls the two rings on George’s middle finger off, handing him the second one. “I think there should be writing under that one.” 

George tilts the silver ring slightly and squints at the small lettering on the inside of the band. 

What a road trip 

“Your song lyrics.” George exclaims. Dream nods. 

“I have one for Mask, this one here.” He says, taking off another ring and handing it to him. “My mom actually got me the Road Trip one, after Mask came out I decided to make them a matching set.” 

I’m just fine :)

George hums in reply and turns them around his fingers, frowning at how loose they were. He hadn’t realized how small his fingers were compared to Dream’s. “I feel like the ones on your middle fingers would get in the way a lot.” 

“Not really. Plus, I don’t wear them when I’m gaming.” Dream replies. “Those look good on you though. You might want to get a few in your size.” He suggests. 

George nods.” I’ll consider it.” He quite liked them, more than he thought he would. 

“Oh, oh let me show you something cool,” Dream says, bouncing off the bed and kneeling down next to his suitcase. George leans to the side and catches him taking a shiny black object out of a padded ziplock. 

“They actually let you bring that in your suitcase?!” George exclaims in disbelief. Dream tosses the polished butterfly knife up in the air and catches it with the same hand, sitting down on the edge of the bed. 

“As long as it’s in your checked bag they don’t care.” Dream explains. George plucks it out of his friend’s hand and examines it closely. It looked weirdly familiar. The whole knife was an elusive jet black and the blade was six inches of wickedly sharp metal. He traces the light yellow grooves on the handle with his thumb, opening and closing the weapon. “Here,” Dream takes it from him, careful to avoid slicing George’s fingers. He had done that to himself by accident a few times and it was not pretty.



Dream leans forward over his knees, George looking over his shoulder. He closes the knife and balances it in one hand, turning it over his knuckles slowly before picking up the pace. 

George watches, mesmerized, as he twirls it around on his thumb and brings it back under his pinky in one smooth motion. He rolls it over his knuckles a few times, weaving it under and over his hand, before bringing it to a halt straight in front of him.

George is silent for a moment. “Ok that was pretty pog.” He admits. Dream lets out an amused laugh, handing the weapon back to George. He watches as George plays with the two hilts, his other hand reaching to touch the steel of the blade.

“Woah! Jeez, careful George it’s really sharp. You don’t want to get cut by this thing, especially on your hand. Look,” He extends his hand toward the shorter man, showing him the fairly large scar on the side of his hand from experimenting with the honed knife. 

“Oh shit-what happened?” George asks, cringing at the injury. 

“I was practicing flipping it around my hand, but I forgot to wear the leather gloves you’re supposed to wear when you don’t know what you’re doing. I didn’t need stitches but it hurt like absolute hell.” Dream snickers. “Sapnap almost passed out.”

“I did not!” Sapnap calls, muting his mic to respond. 

“He did.” Dream mutters, George grinning at their antics. 


“Why aren’t you wearing them now? I don’t even know if I have a first aid kit here.” George says, shaking his head at his friend’s stupidity. He thinks there might be one shoved deep in a drawer in his linen closet, but he doubts the stuff inside isn’t expired. 

“I’ve had enough practice to know what I’m doing now.” Dream tells him. “I still have them just in case I want to learn new tricks…or if, you know, you want to learn.” He shrugs.

 George widens his eyes. Ok that’s cool. “Well we do have..two more hours to kill. Yeah sure. When did you even learn how to do this? You’ve never even mentioned it,” 

“Do you remember Corpse’s tweet from a while ago? It was him twirling the knife around?” Dream asks. George nods. That’s where the knife looked familiar. It was the exact same model their friend Corpse posted a video of, showing off his skills. “I wanted to learn so I asked him where he got his, and he hit me up with some brands he liked. It was really annoying cus I had to get a permit for it but after that, I just learned the basic self-defense stuff and a few tricks along the way off of Youtube.” Dream explains, getting up and heading to his suitcase again, pulling out his sturdy leather gloves from the ziplock.

“Does Sapnap know how to do this?” George asks, sliding on the gloves Dream had tossed to him. 

“The tricks? No. I kinda forced him to learn the self-defense stuff though. It’s important to know.” Dream tells him. “Honestly these knives aren’t the most ideal for defending yourself but it looks cool and a knife’s a knife so we’re going with it.”

Sapnap says goodbye to everyone and turns off the PC, rolling the gaming chair over to watch them. “Oh so he’s roping you into this shit too huh?” 

“Shut up Sap.” Dream scoffed, closing the blade. “Ok, so there’s two sides to this blade which is why there are two handles. This, right here is the safe handle. This is what you’re always going to start on, at least for now. This is called the bite handle, for the sharp side.” He says, directing George’s hand to grasp the handle. 

He checks George’s grip making sure his hold was firm before continuing. “Great. Flick your wrist up so that the bite handle hits between your hand like this,” He takes the knife and demonstrates before handing it back to George who does it close to perfectly the first try. “Wow, you’re way better than Sap.”

“What the hell?” Sapnap complains. 

“Yeah Sapnap, keep up.” George boasts, shoving him good-naturedly. Sapnap rolls his eyes and turns back to his phone. 

“So do it again, except this time, you’re going to bring it down into an arch so the knife closes again.” Dream instructs. He folds his hand on top of George’s smaller one and they flip the blade together. “Good. Try it out.” 

George flips it easily, and grins at him. Dream shoots him a smile back. “So now this is how you would take it out. You’ll get pretty fast at that in no time. Ok, instead of the handle hitting your index finger, open your thumb and move it to the side. That’s going to reveal the sharp side of the knife-” 

“By the way, the sharp side is called the edge and the blunt side is called the swedge.” Sapnap interjects. Dream blinks.

“You just googled that to sound smart didn’t you?”

“Yes. I did that, yup.” Sapnap admits sheepishly, scowling at George who had fallen over laughing at the priceless look on Dream’s face. George sits up slowly wiping his eyes as they reel it back in.

“Dumbass,” Dream mutters quietly, holding up his hands in surrender as Sapnap glares at him. “Anyway, after you flip it up your thumb should hold both the handles in place.” Dream continues. George nods and practices the flip doing it a bit slow, but correctly. 

“Great. So if you ever have to use one of these for self-defense…well good luck, but you know how to open it quickly. Just kinda stab in the person’s general direction with the pointy side and you should be good.” Dream advises helpfully. 

“Well that’s great, just stab! You’ll be fine!” He mimics Dream’s American accent, waving his hand nonchalantly. Dream chuckles and motions for him to perform the flip again. George does it a few times, getting faster each time. 

“Hey, we need to-“

“George pay attention!”

Dream quickly shoves his hand in between to stop the blade from cutting George’s finger open, unfortunately slicing his own in the process. He gasps in pain and retracts his hand, tensing his index finger. 

“Shit! Dream!” George panics, throwing the blade on the bed next to him and inspecting his friend’s hand. Sapnap stands up swiftly over George’s shoulder to take a look. 

“Fuck fuck fuck.” Dream groans, shaking his hand out. He had forgotten how much that sucked.

“Why the hell would you do that, you idiot.” George huffs, jogging into the hallway to grab the first aid kit he may or may not have. He rummages around for the large red box, sighing in relief when he notices it shoved up against the wall in the back. He walks back into the bedroom, searching through the supplies and checks the expiration date of the antibacterial ointment. Expired a year ago. Yeah, his luck ran out after finding the stupid box. 

“You good?” Sapnap asks, cringing at the open wound. 

Dream hums. “You know the fingerless gloves are kinda stupid. Like what’s the point of protecting your hand if you’re gonna lose a finger?” 

“Come here.” George mumbles, sitting next to the taller man on the bed. Dream holds out his hand and George wipes away the gushing blood with a soft towel, wrapping it in gauze. “Keep that there until it stops bleeding. I’ll clean it up and we’ll grab the ointment on the way to the airport.” He tells him. He wraps the excess gauze in a ball and places it in the kit, re-organizing the items.

Dream nods. “George, the first time always sucks the most. Seriously, I’m used to it. You have plenty more opportunities to cut yourself open, let’s just get back from this trip, yeah?” He says, nudging George with his shoulder. 

The shorter man rolls his eyes and nods. “Thanks Dream. For that-” He says, timidly gesturing at his hand. 

“Sap. I might faint, and no not from blood loss if you were worried. Gogy just thanked me.” Dream says, dramatically falling on the bed, careful to keep his bleeding hand off the covers. 

Sapnap gasps in shock. “Holy shit dude. You might wanna try for the lottery.” 

Dream raises his head and points at him. “I just might.”



“You guys are idiots.” George smiles, taking out a cotton ball and wetting it with hydrogen peroxide that he thankfully had in his bathroom. He walks over and checks Dream’s hand, pleased to find that the heavy bleeding had mostly stopped. “This is gonna hurt like hell.” He warns.

Dream nods. “Yeah do it, I’ll be fine.” George looks at him for a second before pressing the cotton to the cut. “OW OW, shit shit I’m not fine, I’m not fine!” Dream groans, glowering at Sapnap and George who were desperately trying to stifle their laughter. George quickly takes it off and wraps the wound in a clean band-aid, securing it snugly before letting go. 

“Oh by the way.” George says, sliding the large rings that he had forgotten were on his fingers off. “Here.” He says, holding them out to Dream. 

Dream accepts them, leaving two of the smaller ones in George’s hand. “You can hold on to those two. I won’t be able to wear them over the band-aid.” Dream says, flexing his fingers. George slips the two rings back onto his thumb and index finger, wrinkling his nose teasingly at the taller man who had a small smile drawn across his face.

“If you’re good we need to get a move on if we’re going to stop by the pharmacy and make it to the airport in time. We gotta go.” Sapnap says, checking his watch.

“Alright let’s go then.” George exclaims.


“How come I don’t know anything about the cute barista? I’m your brother.” He pretended to be insulted and sat at the end of my bed. His voice softened and he spoke again. “I heard the both of you made up.”

“First of all, you aren’t my best friend, so you get to know about everything after he does. Secondly, yes.” I sat up from my laying position. “For some reason, he kept trying to convince me his middle name was Finn.”

George stared back at me blankly. “Now why would he do such a thing?” He was talking animatedly.

“I don’t know. Maybe to cheer me up or something.” I shrugged. “I’m inviting Finn over tomorrow afternoon, is that fine?”

“Yes! It’s totally fine.” He bounced out of his spot, the smile on his face getting larger. 

“Why are you so excited, George?” I looked at him weirdly and he glared back before smiling again. 

“I’m excited because I get to meet the first giy that my sister thinks is actually cute.” He did a little dance and stuck his tongue out.

“I’m going to bed, get out of my room.” I threw a pillow at him, but he caught it. 

“It’s literally only eight.” George said, throwing the pillow back. It hit me straight in the face, the force of it causing my hair to fly around slightly.

“I’ll sleep in another hour then. I have to wake up early tomorrow since I’m busy and have a few things planned.” I put my phone on the nightstand.

“Want food?”

“Chinese, mate.” I went to sit on my spinning chair. 

“Youu know it.” He made a finger gun with his hands and bent down to pick up Bennett.

“Thanks, George.” I held a thumbs up as he left the room. I grabbed a blank sheet of my college rulled looseleaf paper and started writing a list of things I had to do the following day. 

Hair Dye At The Salon Suprise Meeting For Wilbur

Make Cupcakes With Finn

Movie Time w/ The Boys

JackBox Face Reveal Competition w/ Big Q, Sir Jacobs, SnapMap & More

Online Art Museam Tour Reading Finish Editing YouTube Video

Art Sculpture For Innit

Film Minecraft Video w/ Innit, Will & George 

Learn To Play Electric Guitar w/ Will & Nihachu

Suprise Fundy With Tinted Glass Fox Painting

Online Art Museum Application MrBeast Gaming Upcoming Video w/ Karlos & Jimmy 

Help Will Write The Smp Script 

Cafe Entertainment 

Make Dinner

That was all. This list is making my life seem wondrous. I should make sure to call Corpse tomorrow as well. His sister wanted to speak with me, so I guess I should make this mandatory. I forgot her name, but he always teased her by calling her Ram. “Charlie, foods here!”

George yelled from downstairs. The front door closed with a loud bang and I walked down the steps, running to him and grabbing the bag of food. I started fixing the both of us bowls of rice and chicken. 

“George, do you by any chance have Wills adress?” I sat down on the barstool next to him and opened the honey chicken.

“Yeah, why? Do you need it?” 

I held my chopsticks up in an attacking stance and stabbed my chicken. “I do, I was thinking of surprising him tomorrow.” I told him, shoving some food in my mouth. 

“You didn’t tell him?” George spoke with his mouth full. 

“No, shit Sherlock. That’s why it’s a suprise. He hasn’t been over in a while, so I thought instead of making him come here, I would bring the fun to him.” 

He shook his head. “Nice, but aren’t you getting your hair colored tomorrow?”

“Yeah, I’m basically going to trick Will into thinking I’m the post or there to inspect his apartment.” 

“Oh my gosh, do the second one. Wilbur will literally freak out if people were going through his stuff. Especially adding the fact he bought random things because of his chat like last Tuesday.” 

“Right, the shock collar he has isn’t at all suspicious.” I said sarcastically, laughing.

I stood up and walked around the counter taking our dishes to the sink. “How long has it been since Tom has seen your face?”

“He saw it right before quarantine and it’s now October, so months.”

“Are you going to show him your face?” 

I put away the last of the dishes in the now full dishwasher. “First we get all the close friends out of the way, then the gremlin child.” 

“Cruel, but effective process.” He laughed as I did a small bow.

“Thank you, kind sir. Question.” I coughed a little as he hummed in response. “How far does Willy Wonka live?”

“Thirty minutes or so.” He pulled his phone out and scrolled through his Twitter. 

“I’m going to ge in my room, trying to sleep for the next eight hours.”

“Goodnight, Charles.” 

“Sleep tight, Georgie.”

“Don’t let the bed bugs bite.”

“I won’t, I’ll lead them to your room.”

“Fuck off and go to bed already.”

“This is why those bugs will be on you.”

I went upstairs and into my room, tucking myself into bed. I tried completely blanking everything in my head, but for someone with ADHD, that was mentally impossible.

-

Twenty minutes had passed and I can’t sleep. There was one main topic on my mind, though every now and then I would go thinking about something else. 

Finn. 

I closed my eyes once more, trying my hardest to focus on sleeping or something boring enough to put me to sleep and nothing seemed to work. Finn was the most handsome man I had ever seen. 

He looked like a model because he could honestly pull anything off. Even wearing eyeliner would suit him. From what I know, I thought well of him and from what I don’t know, he thought…what does he think of me?

My stupid face would ruin my chances of dating him before they even came into view. My dead grass eyes, long messy black hair and even the weird thing I could do where I bent my hand backwards, it was all an ugly obsession god had rued upon I.

I can’t sleep. I could try texting someone. It was still early in the states, so any of my friends would be available right now. I don’t wanna bother Karl, he overworks himself too much. Nick isn’t any help and neither is Dream. If I talk to one of them, I am forced to talk to the both of them. 

Corpse? 

He must be free and I needed to talk to him eventually. His sister must be over for the next week or so because I heard she was visiting San Diego.

Charlie: I can’t sleep…

Corpse: Have you been neglecting me for the last week? 

Charlie: Sorry, I’ve been busy. 

Corpse: Don’t overwhelm yourself with work. 

Charlie: I won’t, don’t worry. 

Corspe: How is everything?

Charlie: Mostly good. The only problems I have right now are one, my insomnia and two, my lack of memory. 

Corpse: I can recommend some pills and prescriptions for better memory. 

Charlie: That would be great, thank you. 

Corpse: No problem. It’s still pretty early, why are you trying to sleep?

Charlie: I’m like twenty times busier tomorrow.

Corpse: Take a break then.

Charlie: I will, soon.

Corpse: You wanna call? Ram is begging her ass off to talk to you. 

Charliem Yes, I’ll call. Stop calling her that, she hates it. 

Corpse: Yeah, sure. Call whenever.

I tapped the telephone icon in the corner of my phone screen and waited for Corpse to answer. It didn’t take much of a wait since he answered almost instantly. “Why can’t you sleep?”

“My mind is exploding.”

“What do you mean? Do you have a headache?”

“No. I just can’t escape my thoughts.”

“Who are you thinking about? Dream?”

“Again, no. Finn.”

“I see. You don’t have to explain anything much more, Dream had called me earlier and told me who he was.” 

“Oh, okay.”

“You like him?”

“No. Well, I don’t know. When I feel like I like him, then I think I’m going mental. You know?”

“Actually, I do know. If you think you like the kid even the slightest, give him a shot.”

“Thanks, Corpse.”

“No problem. Anything much going on?”

“I’m surprising Will tomorrow morning after I get my hair colored differently. I’m driving over there, but it’s going to take half an hour. That’s why I’m trying to sleep.”

“Fun. You know, I was talking to Wilbur once and he said that his old friend from school hasn’t seen him in long.”

“Yeah, and?”

“And his friends name was Finn.”

“Oh. You’re suggesting I take him along?”

“It’ll be fun for you and Wilbur.”

“Good idea. I hope they know each other, so it doesn’t make taking Finn weird.”

“I bet he does know your new boyfriend especially if he’s an arsehole.”

“Woo.”

“Good luck and goodnight, Vi.” 

“Oh, I forgot to ask-.”

“Huh?”

“What’s your sisters real name?”

“Acacia.”

“One last thing.”

“What?”

“Whaddup baby?”

I hung up on him and rested my head on the pillow again. My brain has eaten me alive for the last time today. I better go to bed sooner than later. Twelve long busy hours ahead of me tomorrow.

“Hello, can I get a tube of antibiotic ointment? Travel size please.” George breathes, calming his racing heart from running all the way from the car to inside the pharmacy. 

“Seven pounds please.” The tired cashier tells him monotonely, reaching behind him to grab the product.

“Thank you, keep the change!” George calls, dashing out the store after he slaps the money on the surface. He throws the driver’s seat door open and tosses the ointment into his backpack in the back next to Sapnap. “Are we still on time?” He asks, pulling out of the parking lot and back onto the road.

“Let’s hope there isn’t a huge line in security.” Dream says, glancing at his phone. They would only reach 45 minutes before their departure time. He wasn’t too worried though. There probably aren’t many people with flights at 11 PM. 

Frown lines deepen on George’s lips as he grips the steering wheel and pushes down on the gas pedal. It would really suck if they missed their flight. He adjusts his slender silver frames on the bridge of his nose. As much as pushing his glasses up every few minutes was annoying, dry eyes on a flight would be worse so he was just going to have to deal with it. 

“Who’s idea was it to choose the flight at midnight?” Sapnap asks, his tone laced with annoyance. 

“Dude we never go to bed before 12 anyway.” Dream points out. Sapnap huffs and leans back in his seat. 




The car drove on in comfortable silence. George slowly exhales through his nose, taking the moment to observe his passing surroundings. He personally loved the night. He had been told that everything is cast with a yellowish glow on the highway past dusk. It gave him a small sense of security knowing he could see at least see close to what everyone else was seeing for once. He loved stargazing so much for the same reason. 

A little more than twenty minutes later they arrived at the Brighton local airport. He was incredibly relieved that they were at least able to find a flight to Pisa from his local airport because another hour and a half drive would have sucked. They decided they would take a taxi or Uber to their hotel in Florence since they couldn’t find a direct flight.

The three step out of the car and Dream takes a picture of their parking spot, taking note of their floor number. Sapnap opens the trunk and they take out their large suitcases plus the small carry-on suitcase that carried many of their essentials. George shoulders his backpack and they all grab their respective luggage with the exception of Dream who had the smaller case in his other hand. 

“Gimme.” Sapnap says as they walk into the elevator, taking the carry-on from Dream while George was trying to figure out where to go. “Don’t irritate that and complain about it later.” He shrugs, gesturing to Dream’s bandaged finger. The taller man nods.

“Ok we check our bags on the third floor and then take the escalator up to security.” George murmurs, pressing the button. The doors slide open to reveal a blissfully serene airport. Only a few groups of people were visible, moving sluggishly across the glossy floors that reflected the man-made fluorescents above. Sapnap points to the weighing scales and they walk briskly over, making quick small talk with the man at the counter, thankfully getting rid of their heavy suitcases.

“To security we go.” Dream exclaims, leading the way to the brightly lit up escalators. 

“How fun would it be to ride down these railings?” Sapnap asks, looking down as the few people below them get smaller and smaller. 

“About as fun as breaking your neck when you fall off.” George responds, only narrowly avoiding tripping over the slowly flattening step at the top. It was quite embarrassing as the stupid automated voice was repeating “Please watch your step” the entirety of the ride up, but fortunately his friends didn’t notice.

“You’re such a buzzkill George.” Sapnap complains, his lips pressed into a pout. 

George sticks his tongue out at him and continues on, looking around and pointing to their left. “Come on! There’s no line.” 

They greet the security woman, showing her their passports. She directs them to the screening area and the three of them place their shoes into the bins, their phones and wallets following afterwards. George takes his backpack off and places it on the rolling conveyor belt as Dream takes off the black jewelry adorning his fingers. Sapnap had already gone through the X-ray scanner and was waiting for them on the other side.

“Hey don’t forget.” Dream says, gesturing to his rings on George’s fingers.

“Oh right, yeah.” He realizes, sliding them off and placing them next to his phone. 

They both go through the X-ray one at a time and join Sapnap who was already tying his shoes back up and grabbing their belongings. George blinks away his headache from the short burst of light from the scanner and pulls on his own shoes, using Sapnap’s shoulder to hopefully avoid falling on his face.

“All they need is a toilet in there and it’s a futuristic porta-potty.” Sapnap remarks, nodding at the woman behind the scanner. George looks at him blankly.

“I think you need some sleep Sap-“

“Guys let’s go! We have ten minutes!” Dream calls, already walking in the direction of their terminal. Sapnap grabs their small carry-on and hurries after him. George shoves the titanium bands and his phone into his pocket and jogs after the two. 

 They arrive at their terminal just as boarding starts. “All families with a child under 3 years of age please begin the boarding process.” The speakers overhead sound as families began to step forward. 

“Shit I need to go to the bathroom, be right back.” Dream tells them. 

“George I’m starving.” Sapnap complains, watching as Dream walks hurriedly to the restroom. He looks around and his eyes land on the small convenience store behind them, his eyes brightening. “Gimme some cash, I’ll go get us some snacks.” 

George glances at the boarding line and back at his friend. “Are you serious right now? It’s 12 in the night!” 

“Yeah hurry up! I left my wallet in the suitcase.” Sapnap says, nudging him hurriedly.

 George groans and reaches into his backpack, pulling out his wallet and handing him a twenty-pound note. 

“Hurry!” George calls after him, as he watches Sapnap sprint into the store. He huffs and zips up his backpack, wondering how he got himself into this mess. 

“Where the hell did Sapnap go?” Dream asks, approaching him after a few minutes. George points at the man who had snacks piled up in his arms, heading to the register. “Seriously? It’s literally a two hour flight.” 

“I know. He’s an idiot.” George says, waving hurriedly at Sapnap who was walking along without a care in the world. 

“Come on. We’re boarding.” Dream says as Sapnap stands next to them. They join the slowly minimizing line and George grabs their plane tickets out of his backpack. They get their tickets scanned and walk down the ramp toward the fairly small plane. For some reason, Dream had booked their seats at the very back. They finally take their seats after placing their carry-on safely in the compartment above them; Sapnap taking the window seat, George the middle, and Dream the aisle. 




“Chocolate raisins? Anyone?” Sapnap asks.

“Mine,” George claims, snatching them from his hand. Sapnap tosses Dream a container of Pringles, opening a bag of Cheetos himself. 

They listen as the pilot greets them, confirming the duration of the flight and their destination. A flight attendant then briefly explains the safety procedures, telling them to read the pamphlet in their seat pocket to learn them in more detail. The pilot comes back on, telling them to enjoy their flight.

“Are you,” George sniggers. “Are you…afraid?” He asks, looking at Dream’s knuckles that were almost white from clenching his armrests.

“No…” Dream stops and thinks for a moment. “Yes? I don’t know, just during takeoffs and landings. They’re both statistically more dangerous. Did you know that 14% of all fatal accidents happen during takeoff and I think something like 50% happen during landings.” Dream rambles, his breathing getting visibly quicker as the plane starts to move. 

“Thanks for that Dream.” Sapnap sighs, exasperatedly looking out the window as they roll away from the airport.

George rolls his eyes. “If you’re talking stats, the chances of a plane crashing is one in 11 million. The chances of being struck by lightning is one in 3,000 in comparison.” He points out. He still remembered reading those statistics as an adolescent, a few days before he flew on his first plane.

“Do you guys want to know an actually relevant concern? How the actual hell you know all those useless numbers. Honestly, get a life.” Sapnap huffs, adjusting his sleeping mask over his eyes.

“Shut up.” They both speak at the same time. Sapnap smirks and leans his head back on his seat, trying to catch at least a little bit of rest. 

“Anyway, do you want to play flappy bird?” George asks, turning to Dream. He opens his phone and puts it on airplane mode before launching the app. 

“Just a bit preoccupied being freaked out.” Dream reminds him. 

“Come on. I bet you can’t beat my score.” George boasts. Dream opens his eyes at that and leans over to take a look.

“Oh please, I can beat 47 in my sleep.” Dream says, yawning.

“Do it then.” George challenges. The taller man looks at him for a moment before grabbing the phone from his hand. 

He watches as his friend clicks through the game patiently, never once losing concentration. True to his word, he does beat his high score, by 22 points and counting. George looks away from the screen and to the window, seeing that they were successfully in the clouds, not a city light in sight. 

“Guess what Mr. Dream? You survived take-off.” He smirks triumphantly. Dream looks up abruptly at the window causing him to lose at 78 points. 

“Wha-oh you’re good.” Dream admits, shaking his head. He looks back down at the phone. “Nooo. I lost! You couldn’t have told me that after I died?” Dream complains.

“No,” George laughs. “Then there would be no way I could beat your score.” 

“So you admit I’m better than you?” Dream asks cheekily. 

George thinks for a second. “Maybe at Flappy Bird, but who beat you at chess?” He teases.

“Oh please, that was just luck.” Dream says with a small frown.

“Thrice in a row? I must be pretty lucky.” George continues, shooting him a cocky smile. Dream shoves him over grumpily, crossing his arms over his chest. The Brit snickers and opens the box of chocolate raisins in his lap, popping a few in his mouth and offering some to Dream. 

They munch on the sweet snacks for a while, and George puts them back into his backpack declaring it was enough sugar for the night.

“You’re such a mom.” Dream tells him, rolling his eyes.

“Oh shit-” George exclaims.

“Hm?” 

“I forgot,” He huffs, pulling out the plastic pharmacy bag out of the bag. “Gimme your finger.” 

“Oh right yeah.” Dream says, glancing at his bandaged finger. “I can do it.”

“No, it’s fine.” George says, gesturing for the other’s hand. He takes the band-aid off gently, careful not to agitate the cut and thankful to find a lack of infection. “That’s good.” He murmurs.

“What? The cut?” Dream says in hurt.

“No you idiot.” George says, unscrewing the cap of the ointment. He holds his friend’s hand steady and squeezes the semi-transparent gel onto the fairly large gash, spreading it around without contaminating the tip. “There’s no infection.” He finishes, taking the rest of the slightly bloodied band-aid off and wadding it up, placing it in Dream’s left hand. 

“Why can’t you just stick this one back on?” Dream complains. This was such a waste of a perfectly clean band-aid.

“Shut up and stop being an idiot.” George mutters tiredly, unzipping the side compartment and grabbing a fresh one. 

“Jeez,” Dream laughs slightly as George grabs for his hand again, wrapping the bandage around his finger securely. “Hey, get some sleep. We still have more than an hour left.” He suggests, reaching into his seat pocket and pulling out the airsickness bag, tossing the trash into it. 

George shoves the tube of ointment into the side pocket next to the numerous amounts of somewhat bent band-aids. He then grabs a bottle of hand sanitizer, disinfecting his hands. “Are you not going to sleep?” 

“No.” Dream shakes his head. “I don’t sleep on planes remember?” 

The Brit nods and adjusts in his seat, taking his wallet and the two rings out of his back pocket. He slips them on and places his wallet on the pull-out table in front of him, before curling his legs into the seat. “Wake me up before we land.” He tells him, closing his eyes. 

Dream hums and watches as George’s other hand fiddles with the cold metal, only stilling and dropping to his lap as he falls asleep. 




“Hello again everyone and welcome to Pisa International Airport. The local time is currently 2:05 AM and the temperature is a pleasant 21 degrees Celsius. Thank you for flying with us and we’ll hopefully see you soon!” The pilot’s voice echoes through the plane and everyone starts to remove their seatbelts, chatting lethargically amongst themselves. 

Dream shakes himself out of his tired haze and turns to George, shaking his shoulder. “George. Wake up, we’re here.” The shorter man clenches his eyes shut, leaning his shoulder away from the warm hand. Dream takes his seatbelt off and grabs their suitcase, reaching over and shaking Sapnap awake. “Guys come on, we gotta go.”

Sapnap peels his sleep mask off his face and looks at him blearily. “George, wake up.” he says, shoving his bag of chips into the dozing man’s bag and zipping it up. He hands the black bag to Dream who shoulders it as George slowly opens his eyes. 

Half asleep, George and Sapnap walk down the aisle, Dream following behind them with all their belongings. They get off the plane and take a moment in the arrival area. “Sap, hold this thing.” Dream says, taking the heavy black bag of his back and handing it to him.

“I need some coffee.” George yawns, rubbing his eyes. 

Dream looks over at him and shakes his head. “We only have an hour drive to Florence. We can crash at our hotel.” 

Sapnap, being a bit more coherent than George was at the moment, takes his phone out and books them an Uber. “It’ll be here in ten minutes.” He says, popping his back from the uncomfortable sleeping position he was in. 

They trudge down the almost empty airport, taking the spacious elevator down to the bottom floor. They were in an international airport so thankfully there was English accompanying the Italian on the signs. After they collect their bags, they exit the airport, immediately getting hit by the pleasantly chilly evening breeze of Italy.   

“It’s that one right there.” Dream points at the red Fiat Panda parked on the ramp. The driver waves at them and they head over, helping the man put their suitcases in the trunk. Dream climbs into the passenger seat and looks back over his shoulder to see his friends crawling into the back.

“Agh my freaking head.” Sapnap groans, propping his elbow on the door and leaning his temple against his palm. 

“What’s wrong with him?” Dream asks, furrowing his eyebrows.

“His ears haven’t popped yet.” George yawns. The taller man laughs and looks to the side as the short Italian man approaches the opposite door.

“Hello! Welcome to Italy!” Their driver exclaims with a heavy accent, getting into his seat. “People call me Nico and don’t worry, my English is better than most peoples here.” 

“Hi nice to meet you. I’m Clay, and that’s George and Nick.” Dream says, sending a smile in his direction. “The weather out here is way better than I initially thought.” He mentions.

Nico shifts the gear out of park, laughing heartily. “Oh you wait till the morning. It will be very very hot!” He tells them. “Where are you here from?”

“Me and him are from the States. George is from the UK. I guess they’re pretty tired from the flight.” Dream explains, pointing to each of them, realizing they were both asleep on the opposite ends of the car. Nico looks into the rearview into the backseat. 

“You’re friend there could pass as Italiano. Just need a little tan.” Nico says, gesturing to George. “These are friends, no? Or brothers?” He asks. 

Dream grins and shakes his head. “No we’re friends…and, yes? I guess he could?” He questions. George did have the brown eyes, brunette hair thing going on, not to mention he was well, short. 

“Hm. Are you here for long?” He asks. Dream shakes his head.

“No, we’re only here for a little over two weeks. It’s still undecided.”

“That is actually longer than most peoples stay! You have many plans?” Nico mentions. 

“Yeah we have a few places in mind but this trip was pretty spontaneous to be honest with you.” Dream admits. “Do you have any suggestions? Of places to visit in Florence?” 

He watches as Nico strokes his short beard with one hand, pondering his answer. “There are many places. You must see Ponte Vecchio. It is beautiful at sunset so you should get there before 8:30 PM.” He says. “You’re in Duomo? Wow, molto costoso. There are many young people here for college, ah paid tuition, scholarship. You talk to them, they will tell you many place to go.” 

They both talk about various topics for the rest of the trip, Dream asking as many questions as possible about the attractions available, as well as the different rules in Italy for driving and such. Nico asks if they exchanged their cash for euros and they stop at an ATM a few minutes away from the hotel when Dream admits he hadn’t yet. 

Nico comes to a stop outside Via Guelfa Duomo Hotel, turning to Dream. “We’re here!” They both get out and the Italian walks around to open his trunk while Dream opens the back to get his friends.

“George.” Dream says, tapping his arm. The Brit wakes up quicker than Dream thought, looking past his shoulder at the front of the building. “Grab Sapnap. We’re here.” He says, leaving the door open and joining Nico at the back, helping him with their suitcases. 

George and Sapnap join Dream’s side as he shakes the Italian’s hand. “Thank you so much for everything Nico.” Dream tells him. George smiles at the driver as Sapnap cranes his neck to look at the building. 

“Non c’è problema my friends! I live here in Firenze, so call my number when you need ok? I’ll take care of you.” Nico assures. Dream nods and pulls the money out of his pocket adding a very generous tip. “Wow, 100 euro tip, that too much mia amica.” He shakes his head in amazement. 

Dream smiles. “No that’s fine, you helped us a lot Nico. I’ll call when we have to get back.” Nico claps his back in appreciation before getting into the car, waving at them. They all wave back and watch as he drives away into the streets. 

They enter the brightly lit lobby and Dream and George approach the desk, leaving Sapnap standing behind them scrolling through his phone tiredly. 

“Hi, George Davidson.” George says. 

“Hello, identification please.” She says, typing into her computer. George hands her his ID and credit card and she accepts them. They stand there awkwardly as she confirms everything and she suddenly looks up, smiling brightly at them. This lady has had a lot of coffee. “Welcome! You will be in the penthouse at the very top floor.” Dream raises his eyebrows.

“Thank you.” George nods, walking back over to Sapnap, and handing both of them their keys. 

“Penthouse?” Dream asks. 

“I mean we’re all sharing the cost and it’s surprisingly not that much.” George shrugs. 

“How the hell are we able to check in so late? Usually check in ends at like 5 PM in normal places.” Sapnap yawns, pressing floor 5 on the elevator panel. Dream shrugs looking at George. 

“I don’t know, they have twenty four hour check in on weekends or something.” He says, slouching against his suitcase. The elevator opens and they drag their bags behind them, coming to a stop at door 52. 

“Dang.” Dream exhales, looking around the large apartment. It was amazing. The walls were a nice beige, mostly covered with wood panels along the whole interior. These were complemented by the black accents of the ceiling, cabinetry, and the glass walls on the far side by the living room. 

The living room. The northern corner of the space is capped by a seemingly suspended glass box, its vertical glazed facades folding into a skylight anchored onto the rooftop terrace above. George walks over to the kitchen and places his backpack underneath the beautiful marble island in the middle of the kitchen.

“All this is for us? Man, I’m probably going to be broke after paying a third of this.” Sapnap groans, still gazing around the apartment. George and Dream laugh at the distraught man. “There is literally champagne in here! What the hell!” Sapnap says excitedly, looking in the cabinets. 

“Sap, step away from the alcohol.” Dream says shortly, dragging the man away from the kitchen. “We need to figure out sleeping arrangements.” 

Both George and Sapnap snorts, giggling at him. “Sleeping arrangements.” Sapnap mocks.

“Such vocabulary Dream,” George teases.

Dream shoots them an incredulous look and shakes his head. “Anyway…I’m not sleeping with Sapnap, he snores.” George and Sapnap explode into laughter, both of them kneeling down, unable to keep themselves up.

 “What the fuck.” Dream smirks, unable to keep a grin off his face. 

“I dont-” Sapnap inhales, holding a hand to his chest. “I don’t snore you idiot.”

Dream looks over at George. “Are you ok with Sapnap getting the smaller bedroom?” 

“I don’t care, just sleep.” George says, stretching his limbs. 

“Jokes on you guys, I get a whole bedroom to myself while y’all suffer.” Sapnap teases, grabbing his suitcase and heading to his room. Dream and George follow suit, turning into their own room. 

“Holy shit this is nice.” George says, looking around the master bedroom. 

“You can say that again.” Dream murmurs. The room continued the dark, industrial-looking theme of the main room. His eyes were drawn to a chandelier-looking black accent wall, about eight of the decorations having twinkling night lights on each end. The chrome-legged bed was huge, and fit the feel of the room. The master bathroom was right opposite the bed, the sliding oak wood door closed, hiding the contents inside.

“Let’s go check out Sapnap’s room.” George says, leaving his suitcase on the detailed hardwood and slipping out the door. Dream follows, turning down the hallway and walking in after him. 

Sapnap’s room was a bit smaller than theirs but no less elegant. The man in question was lying face down on the bed, his legs dangling off the side. 

“Sapnaap.” George groans, walking over and shaking his shoulder.

“Hmm. I’m testing the bed.” Sapnap mumbles into the covers. 

He turns his head and looks up at them. “How’s your room?” 

“Awesome.” Dream answers. 

“Cool. I’ll check it out  tomorrow.” Sapnap says, opening his suitcase at his knees.

“Alright. Good night Sap.” Dream says yawning and walking out of the room. George nods and follows him.

George washes his face and picks up his folded glasses off the sink, walking out of the bathroom and sitting down on the bed. Dream decided to take a shower, letting George change into a loose black shirt and fleecy blue sweatpants. After dropping his lenses on the nightstand, he drags both of their suitcases to the side of the room and promptly falls into the sheets, wrapping his arms around the satin pillow. 

The door opens and dim light fills the room as George hears footsteps pad out of the bathroom. He glances up to see Dream walking out in grey plaid pajamas and a white tank top, displaying his athletic figure. The tall man walks over to his suitcase and grabs a bottle of lotion, still towel-drying his damp hair. 

George sinks his face back into his silk sheets, his body melting into the mattress, having no motivation to stay awake any longer. He feels the comforter shift across from him and hears a quiet “Goodnight George” before he lets the tiredness take over him.


George barely got any sleep that night. He was awake when Sapnap came back at a bit over 3 AM. Although he wanted to know how the man’s date went, he couldn’t bring himself to move. He was awake when Dream came into the room and headed to the bathroom, making sure to close the door behind him, preventing the light from entering the dark space. 

He hears the shower turn on and exhales, resting the back of his head against the rough texture of the wooden headboard. He wasn’t able to get his thoughts straight. The Brit didn’t know if he wanted to at the moment. Before he can make up his mind, Dream comes out of the shower, making a beeline for his side off the soft mattress. George watches as the man tucks his arms underneath his pillowcase, his breathing slowing into a steady rhythm as he falls asleep almost immediately. 

The brunette lifts his legs out of the warm comforter and steps out of the massive bed. Taking his pillow with him, he ventures out into the hall, deciding to go into the living room. He considers settling down on the couch but eventually sits on the floor, right next to the double view windows that extend from the floor all the way up to the ceiling. It felt like he was sitting on air. Nice and quiet. Peaceful. 

George always did his best work at night. Whether it was contemplating on the next video or editing the latest one, he always had the best ideas after the sun was far beneath the horizon. Following the trend, his thoughts also became clearer, more understandable. 

If only these kinds of thoughts were easy to understand. He leans his cheek against the cool glass, looking out at the bustling city that was alive with light and the occasional honk from the ceaseless traffic. He lets his thoughts run back to the feeling he had suppressed earlier. It was quite hard to describe. Sort of like…what someone with a crush would think.

It was as if someone had poured a bucket of gasoline on the already growing spark of fear in his chest. He couldn’t have a crush on his friend, his best friend. He wonders what Dream would think if he came to know what was on his mind. He hadn’t really confirmed anything outright, but the idea of him being straight was pretty heavily implied.

That wasn’t the bother at the moment. George had always been sure he was straight, even confirming it on multiple streams. He had never really thought about it too much because he never had to. Now all that security was out the window. It feels like his fright has shackled him to the floor. He had read something, maybe a news article online about the effects of paranoia. The mind becomes scattered and unfocused, hijacking the ability for logical thinking. But he doesn’t think of that because of the all-consuming fear clouding over everything other than the thought of,

“I could lose him.” George murmurs into the night, swallowing with difficulty. 

That can not, and will not happen. He won’t allow it. Dream had always been the light at the end of the tunnel. The man’s kindness and friendship brought him out of his darkest moments and he has stuck with him, celebrating his best moments. They loved and trusted each other, there was no secret George wouldn’t divulge to Dream. 

Other than this one. No, he will shove this down. So far down that he himself will forget the very memory of it being there in the first place. It had taken a long time to realize, but he knew he meant as much to Dream as the man meant to him. So, if forgetting his useless feelings is what it takes to keep their friendship, he would be selfish to do anything otherwise. 

The brunette sighs, fogging up the spotless glass. He could use a drink. Running a hand through his tangled waves, he picks himself up, shaking away the unpleasant tingles of pain that shot up his leg. He didn’t want to fall asleep there and risk someone finding him. 

He crawls back into bed, not bothering about the shifting of the sheets or the creaking sound the bed made. It took a lot more than that to wake his friend, Dream was the deepest sleeper he had ever met. There were countless times when the Brit had to yell at the top of his lungs to wake the man when he had fallen asleep while editing, and that was when his friend had headphones on. 




The trio woke up late into the afternoon and decided to spend the Saturday in the apartment together. They made breakfast at home as they had bought a few groceries from the local market. None of them fancied eating at a restaurant three meals a day for two weeks. 

They spent hours playing the few board games they had found in the closet. When they got sick of that, they talked well into the evening about a myriad of ideas for videos they wanted to make after they got back. Sapnap flips his phone over in his hand at a text notification as they start to settle in to find something to watch. 

Karl: Hey do you guys want to go to a club with us? Space is the place to be on the weekends :)

“Hey guys, Karl asked if we wanted to go to a club with them.” Sapnap says, turning to face them.

“Oh heck yeah! Tell them we’re coming.” Dream exclaims as George nods in agreement. 

“Say we can meet here. They haven’t been up here yet right?” The Brit suggests.

Sapnap nods. “Yeah good idea,” 

Sapnap: Yeah definitely! Do you guys want to meet up at our place?

Karl: Sure! What’s your room number, we’ll be there at 11 

Sapnap: We’re on the top floor, penthouse? Whatever you call it

Karl: Wait you guys are in the penthouse?! That’s so cool!

Sapnap: I guess haha cya soon Karl

Karl: Cya Sap ;3

His cheeks turn aggravatingly red as Sapnap shuts his phone off. “We have a little less than an hour to get ready, they’ll be here at eleven.” He informs them. They hop off the couch and head to their rooms, Dream calling the bathroom first. 

George strides in as Dream walks out. After going to the bathroom, he takes off his silver frames and washes his face. He then puts his contacts in, the process taking annoyingly longer than usual. He finally gets them in and brushes his teeth. By the time he comes out, Dream was already out of the room.

The brunette rummages through his suitcase. He really had no idea what to wear, what, he had been to maybe two clubs in his entire life? And the clubs in Italy were no joke apparently. He would really like to avoid looking like an idiot, especially in front of their new friends. 

He lifts the pair of jeans he almost left behind out of the case, staring at them for a second before throwing them over his shoulder. He then grabs a random white shirt from his “fancy clothes” section and walks over to the door, locking it just in case. Seriously, if he could wear a hoodie and sweatpants he would. 

He looks at his appearance in the dresser mirror and runs a hand through his hair. He looks different. Hopefully a good different.

He turns the corner and walks into the living room where both Dream and Sapnap were waiting for him. Both his friends looked amazing, as in they at least put a bit of effort into their appearance. Sapnap was in a red button-down shirt and ripped, navy blue jeans. His hair was styled to the side, very different from his usual look. 

“Wow.” The brunette exhales as he turns his gaze.

Dream on the other hand looked like the picture of masculinity, an all black outfit topped off with a denim jacket folded up to his elbows, showing off his layered leather bracelets. The rings on his fingers gleamed in the light, two fingers excluding his ring fingers bare. George smiles and looks at his own fingers where the missing bands lay, twisted on his middle and thumb. He had never given them back, and didn’t really plan to until the other man asked.

“Woah! What? George you look-” Dream’s jaw drops down to the floor. Of all his years of being friends with the Brit he had never seen him in this kind of clothing. The shorter man was wearing black skin-tight jeans that were ripped down to his knees, three silver chains looped around his left thigh. He paired it with a white v-neck shirt that exposed his softly defined collarbones. George’s hair was styled messily, and Dream looks down at his hands to notice rings on two of the fingers on his right hand. His rings. There was something about it that made his heart flip every time.

“Sorry you look really good-um great..ah,” He cuts himself off to stop further embarrassment, cringing at himself as he realizes he was silent for way too long.

Sapnap raises his eyebrow at the taller man next to him. “You look awesome George. Wasn’t expecting you to wear that.” He snickers at Dream’s mortified expression.

George laughs, his cheeks bright pink. “What can I say? I live spontaneously.” He shrugs. They all laugh and catch a knock at the door, hearing voices in the hallway. 

“Hey guys.” Dream smiles, unlocking the door and inviting them in. Thank God for the distraction from his stupidity.

“Damn dude, you guys didn’t tell us you were rich, rich.” Ranboo exclaims, looking around their apartment. 




“We’re sharing the cost between the three of us.” George says as the eight of them crowd in the kitchen, leaning against the large island. Conversations echo across the large room almost immediately and they kill close to an hour before someone realizes the time. 

“Hey, aren’t we supposed to go?” Wilbur asks, glancing at his watch.

“Oh yeah, yeah we’re going to have to get at least two taxis between us.” Karl informs, getting off of his barstool. They all head out of the penthouse, filing into the elevator. They had to wait on the side of the road for a while to get two taxis. George, Dream, Wilbur and Ranboo got into the first as Sapnap, Karl, Techno and Jack took the second. 

“See ya guys there!” Jack shouts out the window as their driver turns onto the road. 




After a short fifteen-minute drive, they turn into a one-way street, pulling up to a large two-story building with an extensive line of people wrapped around the perimeter. George could feel the music pulsing under his shoes as they got out of their vehicles. Instead of going to the back of the line like he thought they would, the group, led by Karl walks right up to the bouncer. 

“Siamo amici del proprietario.” Karl says, showing something on his phone to the large, muscular man. He nods stoically and lets them in, despite the heavily accented calls of annoyance from the people in line. 

“What just happened?” Dream asks, turning to Techno.

“Karl’s friend’s dad owns this place. They gave him this premium pass thing so we usually get in for free.” He explains as they walk into the dark room.

“Awesome.” The tall man replies. They walk carefully in the pitch black room. It was loud, like so loud they had to shout to hear each other. Stepping down the huge staircase, they reach the main floor. Sapnap was up in the front of the group alongside Karl so George stays close to Dream, pushing the butterflies in his stomach away like he promised himself he would.

“Welcome to Space!” Wilbur exclaims as they make their way into the club. The trio collectively intake a breath as they stare at the scene in front of them. The room was gigantic and was absolutely crawling with people. The DJ was settled on the large stage at the front and there were platforms scattered across the floor, so some people were elevated a few feet above everyone else. Everyone looked either drunk or tipsy, and if not that, they were probably high from the second-hand smoke floating around over their heads. 

“Hey!” Techno yells, looking at the new trio specifically. “Cop in me speaking, this place is crazy so be careful and always stick with at least one other person ok? Ok.” 

They all nod and shoot him a thumbs up to spare their voices. The group goes over to the bar and watches as Karl has a conversation with the bartender. After glancing at Karl’s phone, the bartender hands him eight bronze-colored disposable wristbands which he passes out to each of them. “Free drinks! Just show them the bracelet!” He exclaims. 

They thank him and the man swipes the hair out of his eyes, waving them off. They all order their drinks and Karl grabs Sapnap to show him something, everyone breaking off into small groups. Dream and George decide to stick with Ranboo and Wilbur. Jack and Techno were conversing in the corner, trying not to look awkward, so it was best not to disturb them.

The short brunette smiles at the pure electricity flowing throughout the club. Between the amount of people and the blaring of the fast-paced beat, the noise was deafening. The biggest challenge was trying not to spill his drink as people consistently bumped into him, dancing like they belonged to the music, not a care in the world.

 Oh. George looks away quickly. He’s pretty sure those people on the couch are having sex. Well then.

“What do you have?” Dream shouts over the music, grinning down at him. The man’s presence was definitely helping his nerves. He towered over almost everyone here, so it wasn’t hard to find him. 

“Martini, you?” George replies. 

Dream chugs his drink down. “It was an old fashioned. Dry or perfect?” He asks.

The shorter man gapes. “That was so fast Dream-what?”

“Your martini?” Dream clarifies, laughing at his friend’s expression.

“Oh, perfect.” 

They watch a bit awkwardly as Ranboo and Wilbur bust out their moves, already more than a little tipsy. They were shouting at the top of their lungs along with the song, waving them closer. 

“Come on guys! Stop being pussys!” Ranboo grabs George’s hand and twirls him around, whopping and knocking back the shot in his hand. The Brit clumsily stumbles as he’s let go, the alcohol running through his system definitely not helping. 

Dream snorts, steadying George so he doesn’t fall on his face. “Finish that, I’ll get you something new.” 

The brunette tips the glass up, swallowing the liquid and hands the glass to his friend. “Nothing too crazy.” He yells after him. He knows the man is probably going to get him the craziest concoction his brain can think of. 

The blonde heads over to the bar and orders a scotch on the rocks for himself, wondering what to order for George. He’s about to pull out Google Translate when one of the few bartenders addresses him.

“Do you speak English?” She asks. 

Dream sighs in relief. “Yeah, my friend is in need of something strong, do you have any recommendations?”

“Do they like sweet?” The tall man nods. The bartender goes into the back and starts preparing a drink. Dream sits on an empty barstool looking at the rows of bottles behind the lady. A few minutes later a cloudy glass with bright green leaves sticking to the inside is put in front of him. 

“This is a coconut mojito, one of my favorites. Enjoy!” She says smiling, before waving at the next person. Dream thanks her and places a generous tip down on the table before making his way over to George who was thankfully in the same spot.

The alcohol the man already had consumed seems to have hit him, because his friend looked like he was having the time of his life. His hands were in the air, moving his body alongside Ranboo and Wilbur who were now very drunk. The rainbow of disco lights travels over his upturned lips, and his eyes brighten as he notices Dream staring. The blonde strides over and hands the Brit his drink, sipping his own slowly. 

“What is it?” George asks, his accent much heavier under the influence of the alcohol.

“Coconut mojito. Apparently it’s good if you like sweet stuff. Try it.” Dream nods. 

The short man takes a small sip and smiles into the glass. “Yum.” He hums, as he starts chugging it down.

“George!” Dream rushes to take the glass away from him, half of the large drink already into George’s system at an alarmingly fast rate. “You’re going to be so messed up.” He shakes his head, chuckling as his friend licks his bottom lip. 

“Well you chugged yours, why can’t I?” He slurs heavily, poking the taller man’s shoulder.

“Because I’m going to take a wild guess in saying you don’t have the best alcohol tolerance.” Dream deadpans as George rolls his eyes.

“And you do?” He asks, tilting his head to the side adorably. 

“Better than yours, yeah.” Dream smiles. George scoffs and grabs his wrist.

“Dance with me!” He sings, enthusiastically. “You tall, Mr. Giant.” 

Dream raises an eyebrow. Drunk George is going to take a little getting used to. “Ok, ok!” He relents, as the Brit keeps swinging his wrist around. He starts to move around, doing this back-and-forth step motion, trying not to feel like an idiot. He’s mostly watching the brunette as he prances around, the booze taking away all sense of awareness. 

“Spin!” George yells happily over the music, swallowing down the rest of his drink. Dream loses it over George’s cute drunken grin and takes his small hand in his larger one, twirling the shorter man around a few times before letting go reluctantly. 

Dream starts to feel his alcohol hit him, just enough to be a bit tipsy. He should probably stop drinking just so at least one of them isn’t blackout drunk. He looks around for Sapnap, spotting him and Karl on one of the platforms looking eccentric as they dance to the booming pulse of the music. He grins and clicks a picture. He doesn’t know what he’s going to do with it yet, but it’s going to be good. 

“Dream I’m gonna getta drink, do you want anything?” George asks, accidentally walking into Dream’s chest. He rubs his head, murmuring a small “ouch” before a smile returns to his face. The taller man wheezes, holding his stomach because what was that? 

“George-I,” He inhales with difficulty, trying and failing to stifle his laughter. “I really don’t think you should drink anymore.” 

“Don’t be a-ah,” George frowns, trying to think of the word. “Buzzkill, don’t be a buzzkill!” He says, proudly. He looks around as though he was expecting applause. 

“Geez. Yeah get me a water, just don’t get anything too strong.” He tells him, before getting pulled into conversation with Wilbur who had thankfully sobered up just a little bit.

The brunette stumbles toward the bar, the neat rows of glass bottles lit up by warm overhead lights. The condensation makes his empty glass slide in his hand, him regaining his grip just before he puts it down on the wood of the counter. 



Before he sits down, the world shifts and he’s being brought to the side. Still in a drunken haze, he looks up to see an older looking man towering over him, a hungry smile on his face. George frowns at the strong hand gripping his wrist uncomfortably tight. “Oh hello,” He slurs, trying to free his hand. 

The man says something in Italian, continuing to lead him away from the bar. He registers his back being pressed up against a warm wall. George shakes his head, trying to figure out what exactly was going on. All he could smell was cigarettes and whiskey from the man’s breath, struggling as his shoulder blades dug into the barrier behind. 

“Vuoi divertirti bel ragazzo?” His husky voice whispers into his ear, pressing their hips together. His perpetrator was huge, decked out in designer clothes and chains. His fingers were completely hidden by the heavy gold coils on his fingers. 

Fear penetrates his intoxication as he realizes he’s in danger. No one was paying attention, everyone on this side of the club were either kissing or literally having sex. The brunette starts to fight the sturdy hold, kicking out from underneath him and thrashing his body around the best he could. “Help! Ple-“

He yelps as the man slaps a hand over his mouth, wrapping the other around his neck harshly, leaving dark bruises on his skin. George feels himself start to hyperventilate, the air was too thick, too difficult to draw in through his nose. Tears blur his vision and his legs feel weak as he shouts into the stranger’s skin. The scent of rotten cigarettes gets stronger as the man leans closer to his face. 


Clay turned in his bed. As promised, George had slept on the mattress the night before. And Clay had slept in. The brunet had, after a lot of arguing, convinced Clay not to bake today, in order to finally get a ‘well deserved rest’.

He fluttered his eyes open, only to be met by a bright ray of sun shining in through the window by the bed, it hurt a bit, so he rubbed his eyes firmly.

The blond then turned to the mattress on the floor, but no one was there, it was empty. George must have woken up already. Clay should probably do so too, since it was already 9 pm. He went out of bed and up to his wardrobe, picking out a slightly cropped, green tee, and grey jeans, to wear for the day.

As Clay made his way downstairs, he heard noises. Confused, he went into the kitchen, and saw George there, stood by the stove. The room smelled of something cooking, and Clay was pretty hungry. He went up to the other.

“Good morning.”

George jumped at the sudden voice. “Since when did you get here?” he asked jokingly, and continued focusing what he was cooking.

Clay chuckled. “What are you making, Georgie?” he cooed as he walked up and put his arm around George’s shoulder. “It smells amazing.”

The brunet scoffed. “I’m making pancakes.” he swirled the pan he was holding. “They were supposed to be for you, but maybe I’ve changed my mind.” he rolled his eyes dramatically and slowly removed Clay’s hand off of his shoulder.

“Aw, come on, George.” Clay pouted. “Am I not allowed to call you nicknames?” the blond enjoyed teasing George, it always made him so flustered, including this time.

“Shut up.” the brunet’s cheeks turned red, causing Clay to let out a wheeze. He’s so predictable. 

George grabbed the handle of the pan with both of his hands and lifted it, then he swirled it a little before flipping the pancake into the air, and it landed perfectly in the pan once again. 

“Wow.” Clay mumbled, pleasantly surprised at how good of a cook George was. The blond wasn’t that good at cooking, himself, it was way out of his comfort zone. He’d rather bake.

“You’re really good at cooking.” he complimented, smiling. 

“I guess.” suddenly George seemed more distant, like a memory had been unlocked. “You could say that I’m self taught.” he giggled slightly, trying to lighten the mood.

“Are you alright?” Clay asked, wondering if he had said something stupid. 

“Yeah I’m fine, just a little tired, still.” George smiled, it seemed a bit forced. Even though weird, Clay decided not to question it. It seemed George was full of mysteries, acting a little off at times.

The blond went into the main room of the bakery to seat himself by a table, which was already set with two sets of plates, silverware, and glasses. On the table there was also a bowl of fresh strawberries, and another with whipped cream. He has really thought of everything. And as George came in the room with a plate stacked of pancakes, Clay’s mouth started watering. 

“Here you go, sir.” the brunet said in an exaggeratedly formal voice, bowing his head down as he placed the plate on the table. Then, he sat down opposite to Clay.

“You really didn’t have to do all of this, you know?” the blond spoke, moving a pancake onto his plate, topping it with cream and strawberries. “It’s way too much.” he mumbled. Clay wasn’t at all used to this kind of treatment, it made him feel like a burden to others, even though they did it of their own will.

“You think this is too much?” George scoffed, pouring milk into his glass. “Just you wait for later today.” he giggled.

“What?” Clay almost choked on his water, genuinely confused, had he planned even more?

“Yeah, I’m deciding today is your day off, that means no working, no-“

“But-” the blond tried to interrupt, but quickly got cut off.

“Nuh uh. No but’s. I’ve planned ahead you see.” the other explained. “This breakfast is only the beginning.” 

Clay knew that it wasn’t worth to try and change George’s mind, he seemed convinced to give Clay a day off, but he didn’t really want it.. he hated having others caring for him, but maybe that was just what he needed. 

“Okay.” he finally complied, taking a bite of the pancake on his plate. “What’s next then?”

-

“Here, take this.” George handed Clay a blanket. He took it and turned to the brunet, who was wandering around the bakery, grabbing all kinds of stuff.

“You still haven’t told me where we’re going.” he grunted, mildly irritated at the other, Clay liked having control of what was happening, and right now, that was exactly what he didn’t have.

“You’ll see.” George giggled, grabbing a basket, to fill with more stuff, Clay assumed. “You can go grab the bikes, I’ll be out in a bit.” he added. And once again, the blond complied, he had no reason to be arguing with George. 

He made his way to a door located near the back of the main room, and opened it. It was the door leading to the garage, where the bikes were stored. Before George came to the bakery, Clay only had one bike, one for himself, of course. But since George seemed to be staying for a while, they figured they might as well buy him a bike as well, so that he could get around easier.

So now there were two, and Clay brought both of them outside, and parked them. Then he waited, not for long though. George came outside with the large basket within a couple of minutes, the lid covering what was inside, so Clay still had no hint as to where they were going.

“Ready?” the brunet asked as he put the basket on the handle of his bike, and got on it. He seemed awfully excited to go.

“Sure.” Clay replied, finally accepting they he wouldn’t be able to know where they were heading, until they were finally there. “Lead the way.” he spoke as he too got on his bike.

George then started pedaling, pretty fast too, eager to get to wherever he had planned. And Clay followed. Soon the blond realized that they were heading towards the city, but as they were on the road there, George suddenly turned, towards the forest. 

They biked under the shade of the trees for a while, it was nice, since it was a pretty hot day. It smelled of pinecones and grass, a nice scent, but after a while, it changed. The breeze now carried the scent of saltwater, of the ocean. Are we heading to the beach? That was most likely the case, and Clay didn’t mind, he liked the beach.

And his suspicions were secured as George started speaking. “Almost there.” 

The two started slowing down their bikes as they were met by sand, and parked. As they left the shadow of the trees, they were met with a burning hot sun. It made sense to go to the beach on a day like this.

But surprisingly enough, no one else was at the beach, not a single soul. It didn’t bother Clay though, he would rather for it to be empty then crowded, like the beach he always went to. But at that beach, there were also a lot of things to do, this place was nice and peaceful. Only the sound of waves gently rolling ashore could be heard.

The comfortable silence got broken by George.

“So, where should we sit?” he asked, gesturing around the small beach. Since no one else was there, they had the whole place to themselves.

“How about over there?” Clay pointed to a spot close to a tree, where shadow could easily be acceded, in case they didn’t feel like being in the sun.

“Alright.” the brunet started walking. “Come place the blanket.”

+->
| Clowns I
+->


George knew it would be torture. But god, he wasn’t prepared for just how awful it was to be horny with no hope of relief.
George kept the pout on his face as he followed Dream around the party. Walking felt so awkward - between his stinging butt and overwhelming arousal, and still without the comfort of panties, George was in constant fear that someone was going to get a peak under his skirt. He just had to wear a short skirt to the party, but of course, he hadn’t planned on losing his underwear and his pride that night. Despite his discomfort, George stuck close to Dream and tried his best to be obedient - at first.
George warned Dream that being a good boy was very, very hard.
He wanted Dream to feel the same torture. How could he stand to wait? It had turned Dream on to spank George, and George could see that same pleasure on Dream’s face every time he gave him an order. But that meant that even more intense than Dream’s desire for sex, was his desire to make George suffer, to make him desperate, to keep him denied. That was terrifying.
George did try to be good. But his humiliating tasks kept him wet, and the longer it went on, the more his frustration grew. George began to plot a desperate escape to the bathroom, where he could jerk one off quickly and maybe Dream wouldn’t notice.
It was approaching midnight. Kegs had been brought out, people were getting thrown in the pool and shedding their costumes in the water. Dream and George were easily the most sober people there, not that anyone seemed to care. Dream kept spotting people he knew, stopping for conversations, laughing and joking. He seemed to know everyone - even the people that hadn’t gone to their high school. Not only that, but they all seemed to really like him. People’s faces lit up when they saw Dream, they spoke faster when they answered him. Seeing their enthusiasm actually made George feel proud. He was the one at Dream’s side, he was the one getting drinks for Dream’s friends. 
But George was also the one squirming with horniness, his ass still red and stinging, as he desperately tried to resist the urge to grind up against Dream’s leg like a dog.
George felt proud when he was dating Quackity. He basked in people’s envy, drinking in their jealousy. Quackity and George had been each other’s status symbols - although they were pretty shitty ones. It was the only thing George really had to hold onto from high school and that…that was pretty lame.
Unlike Dream, who apparently had not only friendships but adoration. George always remembered Dream as being alone, and maybe he was alone before he’d gotten expelled. But that had changed. A lot had changed.
Someone convinced the drunk DJ to play a creepy, haunting track to set the mood, so instead of upbeat dance music the yard was suddenly filled with the slow pull of violin strings and a thumping drum. The cool air had grown absolutely chilly, and George wrapped his arms around himself as Dream stood talking about computer operating systems and Java-something with a bespectacled couple. Glancing around, hoping to find somewhere close by he could go to warm up, George noticed another group had just arrived to the party.
His heart plummeted into his stomach. Cold dread shot through his veins. Without realizing it, George squished himself tightly against Dream’s side.

“What’s up?” Dream said, glancing back in the way George was staring. “What’s wrong-“

“Clowns,” George hissed. “There’s fucking clowns.”

Three men were walking across the yard from the side gate, beers in hand, laughing and shoving one another. They wore matching black jumpsuits, their hair was buzzed short, and all three wore horrible, pasty white face paint. Black shapes had been filled in around their eyes, and their lips had been exaggerated into horrible jagged grins with black paint. 
George quickly turned away from staring at them. They weren’t the typical bright circus clowns, but they still made George’s stomach turn.

“Let’s go inside,” George said quickly.

But Dream had spotted the approaching clowns and recognition lit up his face. “I know those guys,” he said. “Hey Punz! Sam!”

“Don’t fucking call them!” George gripped his arm in absolute horror. One nervous glance back told George the clowns had heard their names called, and were heading directly for them. 

“Nope, no, no-“

Dream gripped George’s arm, preventing him from sprinting for the house in terror. “Are you…” Dream laughed, as if in disbelief. “Are you actually scared of clowns?”

“Yes!” George whispered. “They’re fucking creepy and gross and - oh my god -“

They were right there, enfolding Dream in a giant hug, patting him on the back, meaningless conversation droning from their mouths. The only thing George could focus on was those horrible painted faces. Their exaggerated smiles only got worse as they bared their teeth and smiled.
Ugh. Gross. It took every bit of self-control George had to not run for the house. He grit his teeth and wrung his hands behind his back, keeping an awkward distance. Dream would scold him if he left, but George wanted as much space between him and the clowns as possible.
Unfortunately for George, his staring was noticed. One of the clowns spotted George shifting coldly from foot to foot, and decided to be polite.

“Hey, hi, I’m Sam,” he extended a slim hand. Long fingers, pale skin. George absolutely cringed as he shook it. “You okay? You look a little, uh-“

“He’s afraid of clowns,” Dream said, sounding so amused George wanted to slap him. “He’s my slave for the night.”

“Don’t just fucking say that,” George snapped, but it was too late. The secret was out.

“Well done, my man,” one of them clapped Dream on the back, as Sam gave George a long, appraising look.

“Aren’t you George NotFound?” he said. “You were a cheerleader?”

“Yeah,” George answered begrudgingly.

He was trying to figure out a way to hide himself behind Dream - anything to put some kind of barrier between himself and them. It felt silly, but George couldn’t help it. Clowns were creepy, and gross, and uncanny - something felt wrong about them.

“Let me introduce you properly,” Dream said, hooking his arm around George’s waist. George pressed against Dream, hard. “This is Sam, Punz, and Schlatt.”

“Cool, hi, yeah, nice to meet you,” George muttered, forcing a very tight, very uncomfortable smile onto his face.

Now that he was forced to look at them straight-on, George could tell that beneath all the makeup, they were really normal looking guys - if not pretty attractive. Dream explained how they’d all been in metal shop together, and that Punz had started a band, but George was growing more distracted the longer he looked at them up close. There was a peak of colorful tattoos at the top of Punz’s jumpsuit, Sam was wearing multiple rings that looked hand-made, and Schlatt had fit large, stretched black tunnels in his ears.
Somewhere in the mingling of George’s fear and torturous horniness, a very weird reaction was occurring. They looked terrifying, but their bodies were muscular and their smiles were almost charming. For how creepy they looked, they actually seemed…nice. One of them was wearing cologne, something bright and citrus-y that contrasted with Dream’s dark, musky scent. It gave George a little rush, the thought of them touching him - but god, that awful clown makeup…

“He’s shaking!” Punz laughed. “It’s just paint! We’re not gonna eat you.”

“Or maybe we will,” Schlatt snapped his teeth, and George gripped Dream’s hand, gulping down his scream. 

“I’m just cold,” George muttered angrily, as the heat rushed to his face.

He felt like a cornered rabbit, waiting to see which wolf would have a go at him first. He was also a very horny rabbit: instead of feeling sick with fear, this was giving him an endorphin-high.
George had never liked clowns, never. But facing them meant he was pleasing Dream, it meant he was being a good boy, and it meant he was one step closer to Dream finally taking him inside and fucking his brains out.

“Don’t worry about scaring him, boys,” Dream said, giving George a little squeeze. His grip was reassuringly tight. “It’s good training for him.”

“Is he from the club?” Punz asked.

George had no idea what “club” he was referring to, but Dream apparently did. He shook his head.

“No, he’s a newbie. Remember Quackity, from high school? He was his boyfriend.”

“Yeah, yeah, I thought so,” Punz was nodding. “Who knew Mr Popular would be into that kinky shit.”

“He’s learning,” Dream smiled.

George still wanted to hit Dream: for denying him, for spanking him, for making him wait, for making him stand there and face his fear. He managed to hold his fists in check, but not his tongue.

“Dream…can’t we…can’t we just…”

“Don’t you know it’s rude to whisper around friends?” Dream chastised, with a tone in his voice that let George know just how much he enjoyed getting to scold him in front of them. “Can’t we just what? Go inside so you can finally get fucked?”

George had turned red from head to toe. His eyes darted back and forth between the clowns as they laughed. But they didn’t seem at all confused, or even surprised by the situation. Maybe they were used to this. Maybe this was Dream’s thing. The sudden thought that perhaps there were other boys taking Dream’s commands and kissing his boots invaded George’s mind, and jealousy gripped him with shocking intensity.

“Let’s just go back inside,” George whined. “Please Dream…you’ve made me wait long enough…”

George’s hand snaked down Dream’s chest and over his jeans. He felt his hardness and squeezed, looking up at Dream with wide, pleading eyes. Dream didn’t even flinch.

“You know better, angel,” Dream warned. “This is on my time, not yours. And you’re neglecting to properly address me.”

George couldn’t say it in front of everyone, he couldn’t. He looked back and forth between them nervously, and his embarrassment was only made worse when he noticed the eager expressions on the clowns’ faces. They were enjoying seeing him squirm.

“I can’t say it here,” George winced. “I wanna go inside. Come on.” His voice sounded petulant and utterly bratty, even to his own ears.

“More worried about what they think of you than pleasing me, Gogy?” Dream said, and tsked. “That’s not how good boys behave.”

George could sense an impending punishment and whimpered, furious as he snatched his hands away from Dream and folded them against his own chest. George couldn’t take it anymore. He had to get off. Now.

“Gotta use the restroom,” George muttered, before Dream could continue his scolding. “I’ll be right back.”

He expected Dream to try to stop him. Instead Dream just said slowly, “Don’t take too long.”

If George was going to come back to another spanking, then he was at least going to get off first. 
The restroom was occupied, of course, and George waited outside the door impatiently until a drunk girl finally stumbled out. A line had formed behind him, so George knew he had to be quick. There, alone in the quiet room, he finally got a good look at himself in the mirror. His hair still looked good, and his makeup was luckily intact, though it was only a matter of time before that changed. Curious, George turned and pulled up his skirt so he could get a look at his ass in the mirror. So red - still hot and stinging from Dream’s hand. Just remembering his position, held so firmly in place and helpless to escape, made George bite his lip and curl his toes. 
God, he wanted Dream to do that again. He wanted Dream to hurt him. Hurt him, fuck him, make him scream. He had irritated Dream, George knew he had, so there was at least the possibility of another merciless spanking awaiting him when he got outside. What if Dream did it in front of his friends? What if there was no privacy this time?
Still looking back at his reddened ass in the mirror, George leaned against the wall in front of him and slipped his hand beneath his skirt. His fingers slid over his tip and George was jerking off quickly, furiously. He couldn’t take too long…people were waiting… He bit his lip to keep quiet, thinking of Dream’s hand slapping over his reddened skin.

A harsh knock pounded on the door and George gasped out, “H-hold on…just a minute…”

He was so close. He had gone so long in such a heightened state of arousal that it didn’t take much. His fingers were slick, and he closed his eyes. More pounding at the door, dammit…
George imagined Dream bending him over, holding him tight under his arm, scolding him as the clowns watched, smacking him until he wept openly, uncontrollably -
More knocking. It was angry now, insistent. Fuck, George couldn’t cum like this.

With a loud growl of frustration, George tugged down his skirt, yanked open the door and snapped, “Jesus, I’m done, okay, you don’t have to be such an asshole-“

Dream shoved George back into the bathroom, shutting the door behind them. He grabbed George, gripping his arms, and pressed him back against the wall. George was guiltily aware of the stickiness of his arousal on his fingers, a damning indicator of his disobedience. 

“Sh-shit…Dream…”

Dream loomed over George, looking at him as if he wanted to eat him alive. “What do you think you’re doing, angel?” Dream said. He grabbed George’s wrist, pulling up his hand. “What’s all this on your fingers, hm? Did you think you could just sneak off and do something so naughty?”

George’s breath shuddered as he faced Dream. “I…um…there were people waiting out there…”

“Not anymore,” Dream smiled. “It’s a big house, there’s other bathrooms they can use. I pointed them in the right direction. We need a little time to ourselves.”

“Are you going to hurt me?” George whispered.

“Oh yes. More than you can imagine. Do you remember your safe word?”

“Yes.”

George should have been terrified but his entire body was buzzing with anticipation. His fantasies of punishment were nothing compared to the real thing.

“If I cross a line you better damn well use it. Do you understand?”

George nodded again. His dick hardened and he whined, squeezing his legs together. If he had seen himself a couple years ago how he was now - whining and dripping in front of the boy he’d laughed at - George would have been horrified. He wouldn’t have believed it.
He still hardly believed it.

“It’s time for another lesson, Gogy,” Dream said, looking George up and down. “It was only a couple hours ago that you were getting that cute little ass of yours beat. Did you forget what that feels like already?”

Dream released George’s arms, and reached around to squeeze his stinging ass. George yelped, dissolving into moans of pain. Dream’s touch was electrifying. George wanted Dream to grip him harder, rougher. He wanted Dream to slam him against the wall again.

“I didn’t forget!” Dream’s hold on George’s ass pulled George close against Dream, and George pressed closer. “You make it so damn difficult to obey! And you didn’t tell me not to touch myself!”

“You little brat,” Dream chuckled. “I told you I wanted to see you suffer. I wanted to see you squirm. You don’t get to take that pleasure away from me.” He shook his head in disapproval. “I really wish I had my paddle on me…god, turning your ass black and blue with that sweet thing would have you obeying as you should.”

George was shaking. He didn’t know if he wanted to mask his fear with anger, or his horniness with sassiness, or if Dream’s threats were going to break him and have him begging again. Dream owned a paddle…he literally owned instruments to inflict pain and humiliation. He was such a freak.
And god, George loved it. He wished Dream had his paddle with him too.

Instead of sass, George went for a different tactic: sweetness. “I’m trying so hard to be good!” George whined. “Come on, Dream- er…Master…please…if you’d just let me get off…”

“I don’t bargain for good behavior, angel. God, don’t you know how long I’ve wanted to do this? Do you have any idea how good it feels to punish the boy who always laughed at me?” Dream cradled George’s face in his hands, his hold tender as he kept George pressed to the wall. “Getting to watch you whine and complain and get so red…but still do everything I say? It’s too good.”

“You’re a jerk,” George whimpered. “I want it so bad, Dream…”

“What?” Dream said softly. “What do you want?”

“I want you! I just want to fuck, please, you’ve got me so fucking turned on I can’t stand it, it’s going to drive me crazy!” George gasped, his desperation exploding. “Please don’t make me keep waiting, please just - just - bend me over and fuck me!”

Inside George was cringing, but he couldn’t help it. If begging was the only thing that would end this torturous wait, then that’s what he had to do. 

Dream was chuckling, then laughing aloud, and when George finally fell silent, Dream said pityingly, “Oh, Gogy. Poor angel. You’re gonna get fucked, trust me. Soon enough you’ll be fucked so hard you won’t be walking straight for a week. But first…” He pulled something out of his pocket: that thin bit of cotton and elastic that he’d taken from George earlier, his thong. Dream dangled it in front of George’s face. “Do you still want this back?”

“Yes please,” George’s voice was small, defeated.

If Dream was offering George’s thong back, that meant more waiting. George felt as if he could have cried from sheer desire.

“I can’t believe you refused to put this in your mouth for your dare,” Dream said. “Think how different this all could have been if you had.”

“I couldn’t! Not in front of everyone…”

“Pride doesn’t have a place in your service to me.” Dream brought the thong close to George’s face, caressing the lacey fabric against his cheek. “I just can’t let that dare go, Gogy. I really wanted to see you put these in your mouth.”

George gulped. “Dream…please…”

“Put them in your mouth.” Dream’s voice was gentle. “Put them in your mouth, face the wall, and bend over.”

George’s mind raced. Bend over…He would be completely exposed. Dream would see all of him…every dripping piece of flesh. Dream had seen George when he spanked him over his lap, of course…but every exposure felt just as intimate, just as degrading, and just as exciting. 
Unbidden fantasies flashed through George’s head. He thought of Dream’s fingers caressing him…parting him…pressing inside him…
George opened his mouth, awaiting his gag. There was a flicker of shock at George’s acquiescence on Dream’s face, before a fire lit in his eyes. Dream pressed the thong into George’s mouth - not quite a mouthful but enough to smother any sounds George might attempt. George could have spit it out easily, but he closed his mouth just enough to keep it inside. He met Dream’s eyes for a moment - a long, tense moment - before he slowly turned, bent at the waist, and clutched his ankles.
George’s heels made the position particularly difficult. The entirety of his ass was on display, his short skirt useless. Dream boots stood close behind George, but said nothing as the moments passed, moments that felt like an eternity.

“Spread your legs,” Dream said. “I want you exposed. All of you.”

George shuffled his feet apart, and the cool air kissed over his flesh. He waited, and his legs began to tremble. The difficulty of the position, and his ever-growing arousal, was going to make this an impossible pose to hold for long. Again, Dream was silent. George almost couldn’t bear it.

“Spread yourself open for me.”

A groan escaped George. Every command came so slowly, so methodically. Dream was giving George the time to linger, to truly feel the depths of his degradation. George hated him for it. Hated it…loved it…wanted more of it. George reached back, trying to get a hold on his ass. His fingers were slick, and he could barely manage to pull his ass open, unable to get any grip.
Dream was chuckling at the state of George as he finally managed to spread himself apart. God, George felt so filthy. He felt so exposed. Dream didn’t touch him, he didn’t even take a step closer. George wished Dream would. He wanted Dream’s touch so desperately. 
The saliva was building up in George’s mouth. Unable to swallow, he’d start drooling soon. Humiliation on top of humiliation. George’s fingers slipped and he had to readjust, pressing his lips apart, exposing his wet and leaking hole. He heard Dream’s breath change - it might have been a gasp, or perhaps a soft laugh.

“God, it’s so pathetic how needy you are.” Dream’s voice wasn’t cruel, it wasn’t taunting. He said it like it was simply a fact, and George whimpered his agreement around the thong. “Running away to the bathroom to touch yourself, such a naughty boy. Been a while since you got off, hm?”

If George had been able to form coherent words, he would have agreed. He had been with other guys since he broke up with Quackity; casual sex was his favorite stress reliever. But this was more than just sex: this had awakened another desire in George, a lust for something cruel and unusual that he’d never had fulfilled. It was a glaring, roaring monster that demanded to be satiated.
Dream squatted down, staring at George where his head hung down between his legs. He smiled: an utterly sadistic, wolfish grin.

“Or are you just that much of a freak that being ordered to lick some weird guy’s boots is getting you this hot and bothered? Is being spanked and made to beg for mercy nearly enough to get you off? Such a fucking freak.” His gaze shifted, and George knew he was staring directly at his hole. “Service and discipline,” Dream murmured. “That’s what you’re lacking. You can’t expect to be rewarded for following such simple commands.”

George wanted it so bad - hadn’t Dream made him wait long enough? Drool gathered against George’s lips and began to drip. The urge to spit out his thong was growing, but the discomfort felt right. The longer George endured it the better he felt, because it meant he was still obeying. He was still following Dream’s orders. He was earning his reward.

“George, look at me.”

George had closed his eyes without noticing, but he opened them to gaze at Dream, upside-down between his spread legs.

“Finger your ass,” Dream said softly. “Just one finger. Slowly.”

“Please…please, fuck…” The words were incomprehensible, swallowed up by the thong.

How could George bring himself to do that in front of Dream? He’d see everything. The choice to say no was there. Dream had given him a safety word and demanded he use it, if the need arose. But George didn’t feel that need. He felt humiliated…embarrassed…turned on… He was frightened, but not in a bad way. He was not frightened of what Dream would do to him, but of what he was willing to do at Dream’s command.
With one finger, slowly, George pressed inside his ass. He had to move carefully so his blue acrylics wouldn’t poke. Only one finger wasn’t enough, but the subtle stimulation made George’s breath shudder. George closed his eyes again, unable to bear looking at Dream as he watched him.

“Fuck yourself. Come on, Gogy. In and out.”

Why did he have to make it worse by talking George through it? George slid his finger out, then slowly all the way back in. Then again, and again. He could feel the weight of Dream’s gaze on him, even with his eyes closed. With every thrust of his finger, George was drawing out more wetness. His dick felt swollen with need. Instead of continuing to hold himself open, George moved his other hand down between his legs, and slid his fingers over his dick, sending shocks of stimulation through his trembling legs. He rested his head against the wall to keep his balance. Drool dripped down his chin as he moaned, struggling to keep his knees straight. Unbidden, George added a second finger inside himself, pumping in and out. 
He was groaning loudly, not caring if anyone heard him, no thoughts of how grossly embarrassing it was. He was getting close…so close…god, it felt so good, his knees were buckling…

“George, stop. Now.”

Dream’s voice cut through everything, like a switch being flicked in George’s brain. The fact that Dream was laughing startled George almost instantly out of his desperate, horny fog. He withdrew his fingers, swearing around his gag. He’d been close…so damn close! He should have kept going, he should have had his pleasure when he had the chance! Instead George stood up so quickly that his head spun.
George pulled the thong from his mouth and tossed it to the floor, then turned to face Dream with a glare on his face and his back pressed to the wall. Dream squatted there, looking up at George, and bared his sharp teeth in a grin.

“How funny,” Dream murmured. “You’d rather obey me than get yourself off. Even though it frustrates you…you’d still rather obey. That’s good. Much better.”

His grin widened as he stood up. He grasped a hand around George’s throat, but he didn’t squeeze - not yet. He just held George there, pinned to the wall. George’s breath was unsteady, hot and heavy in his lungs as he trembled. With his free hand, Dream grasped George’s wrist and brought it up, looking at the fingers he used to pleasure himself.

“You’re more fun than I expected,” Dream said softly.

Gently, he took George’s finger in his mouth. George gasped at the contact. His tongue slid over George’s skin, savoring every drop of his juices, Dream’s mouth embracing George in a way that was both terrifying and arousing. Dream’s lips were tender. His teeth grazed over George’s skin as he sucked, his mouth enclosing George with a suction that he couldn’t help but imagine being applied to other parts of himself. His grip on George’s throat tightened, pressing him back, making his breathing difficult but not impossible.
George sucked in his breath as best he could while Dream slowly withdrew George’s finger from his mouth. Dream licked his lips, and his eyes met George’s. Dream’s look was vicious, hungry. His gaze flickered from George’s eyes to his mouth, a silent question, a command Dream didn’t dare give.
So George gave it instead.

“Do it,” George demanded. “Kiss me.”

His hand remained gripped around George’s throat as he claimed George’s mouth, his body pressed up against George’s. The metal straps on the harness Dream wore were digging into George’s chest, and the pain made George want to cling to Dream harder. George gripped Dream’s hips, then clawed up his back, wrapped around his shoulders and pulled him closer as their tongues intertwined. Dream’s taste was mint, faint tobacco and beer. Dream bit George’s lip, laughed at his gasp, then kissed him again. It was a struggle between them for who could be rougher, who could demand more, as if they were trying to meld their bodies together. George scratched Dream’s neck, determined to break the skin, and Dream shuddered against George. 
Suddenly Dream picked George up, slammed him back against the wall, and held him there as they kissed. George wrapped his legs around Dream, his hands stroked over Dream’s hair and knocked his vinyl hat to the ground. George grasped the hair at the nape of Dream’s neck mercilessly, hoping to feel Dream twitch with pain. He bit at Dream’s lip until Dream moaned into his mouth and George tasted iron. George licked the dripping blood, his tongue sliding over Dream’s chin and across his mouth, savoring the violent taste. Dream tangled one hand in George’s hair and pulled so hard his scalp ached, while the other hand squeezed his sore ass beneath his skirt. George felt the hardness in Dream’s jeans as he pressed against him, it was even bigger than before.
They both paused - breathless. Droplets of blood welled from George’s scratches on Dream’s neck, a satisfying sight. Dream’s chest was heaving, heat radiating off his skin as he slowly lowered George back to his feet, but allowed no distance between them. He reached up and wiped at his bleeding lip with the back of his hand, looking at the red smear with a small smile.

“You made me bleed,” Dream said.

“And you didn’t make me bleed.”

His eyebrows shot up. “Is that a problem?”

George shrugged, trying to seem unimpressed despite being completely out of breath and light-headed with desire. “I expected more. Hell, when you found me in here, I thought you’d make me cry.”

Dream laughed - a dangerous sound - and shook his head, “Is that what you want, Gogy?”

Yes. Instead George said. “I want to slap you.”

Dream leaned down, his voice a whisper. “Oh do you? Why? You like seeing me in pain, hm? Go on.” He turned his cheek slightly. “Slap me. I dare you. See what happens.”

He didn’t need to tell that twice.
The sound of George’s palm striking Dream’s face was so loud that George wouldn’t have been surprised if they heard it outside, even over the music. George put his strength into it, all his horny frustration, all his confusion over how turned on he was by Dream - but Dream barely even flinched.

Instead, he said softly, “Now I have to make you cry, George.”
“Hello, everyone! Welcome to the stream. Today I will be playing bedwars with Dream and SapNap.” I could hear George talking from the other room meaning he was starting a stream in his room.

Let me take a moment to introduce myself. My name is Charlie, I’m eighteen years old and turning nineteen later this month. My birthday is one week from Georges. Both our astrological signs are scorpios, so me and him get along way better than siblings usually do. 

Sometimes I feel like I’m not even really related to him. Other than that, the only times we don’t get along is when he takes too long streaming, resulting at me getting mad at him for leaving me alone for so long. Besides that fact, I sometimes watch his streams when I’m bored. 

I’ve never gone into his room while he was streaming because I don’t really suppose I would like millions of people seeing my face or even knowing I exist. George has asked to introduce me to his fans, but I’ve always declined almost instantly since I don’t really feel the need to do anything like that. 

I’m pretty sure that none of his fans know that I exist. I mean they know that George has a sister, meaning they know that Sanna, our older sister exits, but they don’t know that I exist. Generally, I don’t let George tell anyone I exist, not even his friends, so he pretends that I was never born. Great man, I say.

“Ahh, Dream stop!” George had been screaming because of his friends killing him. He was probably the loudest person I have ever met. His screams were going to make me deaf someday. 

I had my headphones in and I could still hear his shrieking even if it was muffled. I should probably try and buy some noise canceling headphones next time. They might not work because they definitely haven’t been George tested and proofed. 

“Ahh!” He screamed for the trillionth time. I really wanted to start pounding the wall with my feet, but that would mean exposing myself to his viewers. 

Not like he had many. I’m not trying to be offensive or anything, but he only had a few thousand and around two hundred viewers as an average for every stream. I really hope that he gets famous someday, he’s been wanting that since childhood. 

Abother five minutes passed and the loud yells kept echoing through the house. I lived in George’s apartment. Eight months ago, I had dropped out of the community university to fulfill my dream of becoming an artist. Anything related to art was of interest to me. 

George had let me live here with him because he supposedly didn’t have no reason to not keep me here. That was clearly a lie, he’s letting me live here because he’s lonely. He needs some friends in real life, but I probably shouldn’t argue about since I don’t have any either. 

Anyways, I am basically a ghost since I have no friends other than George, no connection with family other than George, no one knows I exist other than George, so yes. That is my life.

The two of us ended up watching a film after eating dinner, but somehow I has passed out two minutes after the film had begun. Who could blame me, streaming was harder than I thought, especially if you stream for five hours straight. I felt like I was experiencing jet lag which even that would have been better.

I was now awake, trying to make myself get off the sofa. When I did, I slid on a sweater dress and went to go brush my teeth. George was still fast asleep. He must have stayed up longer than me. My bare feet felt cold against the bathrooms marble tiles as I stepped in and closed the door. 

I looked into the mirror only to see sharpie marker on my forehead. Problem, I was kind of dyslexic, but this was a new level of difficult because the words appeared backwards in the mirror. I picked up my phone and clicked on Snapchat since I couldn’t find my camera app. 

~CharlieWasTaken

George. I was going to get him back so hard for this. I took out another sharpie marker from the cabinet and started drawing all over his face. I thought of things to write while drawing a bunch of tiny smiley faces. My hand went to work, writing anything that came to mind. 

If Lost Return To Dream

DreamWasTakenByMe

If Found Return To Dream

DreamNotFound

Revenge is sweeter than candy. George probably already took a photograph of my face like this, why should I not do the same for him. Except hes not faceless, so I can actually post it. I clicked a quick photo of him and went on to Twitter. 

@CharlieNotLost | Charlie

[Insert Photo] 

Why does being evil feel so great? Hey, don’t blame me, yet. The little twit drew on my face first. I can’t show you the picture, sadly. I’ll do it when I face reveal, so most likely…never.

|

@DreamWasTaken: He’s going to freak out when he sees this, you know. It was a better idea not to post the photo. 

|

@KarlJacobs: Chandler did this to me once. Tell me how to get my revenge on him, master of all things evil.

|

@SapNap: He really did have this coming.

I laughed, reading the others replies. George would be waking up soon and I should start on breakfast, so he doesn’t get suspicious. As I had figured, he awoke. He looked over to me and his eyes widened for a second. 

“What?” I said to him, though I clearly knew he must have been staring at the marker that was still on my forehead. It was a good idea to keep it there until he found out what I had done to his face. 

I buttered the pan on the stove and layed a few pieces of turkey bacon onto it, him still confusedly eyeing me. “Have you looked in the mirror, yet?” 

“I never knew I looked that revolting to you.” I spoke with a sarcastic tone, pretending to be insulted by his comment. It was 12:32 in Brighton and Dream was awake, so he would tell on me sooner or later. 

George took out his phone, sitting on a kitchen stool. He opened up his Twitter from what I could see as his eyes widened. I tried to suppress my smile as I slid George his breakfast across the counter, him never leaving his eyes from the screen. 

“What the fuck is wrong with you!? Charlie, why the hell would you do that?” He yelled, clearly annoyed. I nervously laughed and grabbed a plate to use as defense in case he did anything other than scream. 

He got up from his seat and started walking around the counter. I ran to the other side, so I was opposite of him. “It’s sweet that you have you notifications on for me.” I faked a smile and walked a bit more.

“I don’t, a little birdie told me.” He was in front of his own plate again, but this time he grabbed his fork. 

I nervously laughed again. “Usually it’s the little sisters that chase their brothers around with forks.” He rolled his eyes before forking a peice of bacon into his mouth. 

“That can change.” 

Now he was chasing me around the living area. “George, put the fork down!” I screamed, which to he stopped moving and placed it gently on the coffee table. In that time, I made a run for it, but he wasn’t short to follow.

I hopped onto the sofa and he pulled me arm, causing me to hit the floor. I fell trying to get up which made him laugh. “You’re a dumbass.” 

“It was just a joke, sorry. Revenge was needed.” I pointed to the marker on my forehead. 

“It’s good that I saved that photo I took of you.” He shook his head and plopped back onto the sofa. “At least I didn’t expose you like that, asshole.” Then a devilish look appeared on his face. 

“Please, spare me. I’ll do whatever you want.” I was bowing in front of him. He stood and gave me his hand. I walked over to the kitchen counter and took a bite of toast. 

He happily started eating his breakfast as if nothing happened. “Deal.” I stared at him, wondering waht he would make me do soon. 

-

“George, I’m going upstairs to stream.” I picked my phone off the countertop and grabbed an apple. 

“Sure, go ahead. You can’t tomorrow though.”

I looked back at him from the staircase. “Why?” 

“You have work tomorrow.” He tilted his head to the television screen, smiling oddly.

“What do you mean? George, I don’t go to work.” 

He sighed and looked back, pretending like he was in deep thought. “Did I forgot to tell you that you’ll be applying for live entertainment for the newly opened cafe across the road and for a month, too.” He was full on smirking now. 

“Now, why would I do that?” I slid my duck slippers on and looked at him. 

“A deal, is a deal. Am I right?” He flipped his phone around, showing me the picture I had posted earlier today. 

“Fine, but I’m still going to stream the whole rest of the week.” I walked up the steps and into my room.

“Say hello to the green man for me!” He yelled, laughing slightly. I slammed my door in response and sat down at the desk. 

I took my phone out of my pocket and called Dream. He didn’t answer. I called him again and again, over and over, but he never answered. I texted him on every app I could remember, discord, Instagram, Twitter and many more, but he never responded.

Ten minutes.

No response.

Twenty minutes.

Forty eight miscalls.

Thirty minutes. 

Seventy five unread messages.

Forty minutes.

I’m sick of this. 

I swear, I was being angry for a childish reason, but I couldn’t help it. He never messaged back saying he was busy, he never called me back saying he was doing something else. I bet he hadn’t even touched his phone though it was blowing up.

Maybe I could call one more time. I unhesitatingly pressed the call button and what really pissed me off, was that he ignored the call. 

If I sat here any longer, I would punch a hole through the wall. Finally, I decided to do something else. I gave Will a call and guess what, he answered it straight away.

“Hey, Charlie. What’s up? He said trying to make me smile. 

My mouth didn’t move. In fact, it got worse. I glared at him for no reason before responding. “Why the fuck isn’t Dream picking up the phone?” I had my arms crossed against my chest and my legs up on the table. 

“He’s streaming lore. Didn’t he tell you? Dream probably has his phone off. Everyone else is doing role play on the server as well. I’m with them right now, but I’m muted.” 

He blocked my face with his hands and turned the camera, so that his stream could see me waving. “If he’s supposedly been with you and is doing lore, and if he has his phone shut off, why did he decline my last call?” I started twisting and turning my pencil around in my hand, swiftly between each finger.

“I-…Charlie, I’m really sorry, I don’t know and I have to go.” Wilbur spit out before ending the call abruptly. 

“Thats definitely not all suspicious.” I muttered to myself. I heard a creak from behind, it was George opening the door. I got up from my chair and picked up my phoen from the desk, my contacts still opened. 

“Where are you going?” George said, following me from my room to the living room. 

I turned about. “Anywhere, but here. That cafe application thing seems real good right now.” I knew what I was doing, but why, it was a complete blur.

“Aren’t you going to do lore like-?”

“Wasting time playing a block game with my best friend isn’t the right thing to do.” As I indirectly insulted the same person who had wasted so much of my time, I opened the door. 

“Be safe out there, Charlie. I’ll be streaming with Dre-.”

“I know.” I slammed the door aggressively as I walked ahead. “Fuck the universe.”

“Clayton! Get up!” 


The blond groaned as he rolled over onto his side. 

“I’m not going to tell you again!” 

He huffed before pushing himself up and stumbling out his room, rubbing his eye. 

“What?” He said throwing his hands up. His mother stood at the door. He arched a brow. 

“You’re going to be late!” 

“Late for what?” 

His mother sighed setting down her purse before walking up to the boy. 

“College.” 

He face palmed. 

“Mom I’ve already told-” 

“You’ve been accepted into University of Florida.” 

He stepped back. 

“Why would you-” 

“You are leaving in two hours so start packing.” She said before grabbing her purse and walking out. He watched as his mom entered the car and drove off. He ran his fingers through his hair. He cracked his knuckles as he rushed down the hall. He kicked his door open causing their cat to jump. He slammed his door shut and hopped onto his bed. He laid on his back staring at the ceiling. 

“Can’t live how I want can I?” He said turning his head to their cat. The cat was licking its paw before giving him a meow. He sighed as he sat up. 

Guess I have no choice..

~George POV~

I panicked as I rushed to finish packing. 

“I feel like I’m missing something.” I said as I scanned my room. 

“George?” 

I turned to the door. 

“Be down in a minute!” 

I hurried and closed my suitcase before leaving I gave my room one last scan, waving at my pets as I walked out. 

“You don’t leave til like two hours Geor-” 

“I know but I want to make sure I have everything.” I panted. 

~Third person~

He sighed as he slid into a chair. 

“Do you have everything?” 

“I think so? I feel like I’m missing something though.” 

“Clothes?” 

“Yep.”

“Tooth brush?”

“Yep.” 

“Phone and charger?”

“Yep.” 

“Laptop?”

“Yep.” 

“Shoes?”

“Yep.” 

“Uhhh?”

George chuckled. 

“I think you have everything?”

“I hope so.” 

~Two hours later~ (Dream’s prespective)

He gasped as he read the time. 

“Fuck- I’m going to be late!” 

He jumped up almost falling as he got dizzy. He slid his shoes as he grabbed his keys. He grabbed his bags and rushed out the door. He threw his things in the passenger seat as he climbed into the driver. He slammed the car door and quickly started his car. He groaned as his car wouldn’t start. He pulled himself back and took a breath. He gently put the keys into the key hole




we get our ice cream and sit in a field nearby under a tree, me; mint chocolate chip, him; butter pecan. he says its really popular, butter pecan, but ive never heard of it… guess i dont get out much. i have a sudden realization, i say it outloud to him, “this is the most fun ive had on a saturday in a long time,” he tilts his head, “oh yeah?” i nod, “yeah…. so… what’re we gonna do now..?” he smirks, “weeell, i do have to study for a test…” i roll my eyes, “so we’re going to get candy for my little sister?” he laughs softly, “that is indeed what we’re doing,” we get up, ice cream finished, and walk to the corner store. as we walk in george asks, “what… kind of.. candy she like?” he seems oddly distracted but i answer anyways, “she likes chocolate, mainly reeses,” he stares through the aisle, “uhm, cool… sounds good,” i glance the way he’s looking, “what is it? what’re you looking at..?” i say a bit jealous despite myself. he smiles and pushes me towards the candy, “forget about it” i shrug, “alright.” 

i saw heather and her friends, again. are they following us? are they following clay? whatever they’re doing, i dont wanna know.. and i dont care either… unless they’re following him… then i would have an objection. after we buy the candy we set out, i glance behind me and see them come out of the store, what if they are following us? clay doesnt seem to mind… or notice my nervous state, good. then he turns back and changes my mind, “are you ok george?” i tense, “god- er, im fine, fine.” he shrugs nonchalantly, “if you say so.” we reach his house and i feel better, then i have a thought, what if now they know where his house is?! i shudder, no thank you brain. as we enter he claps a hand to my mouth, “shush- we gotta be quiet so we dont,” the girl i saw yesterday, runs out of the kitchen, hands dusted with flour, “IS THAT YOU CLAY!?” clay sighs, “nevermind… now dont you touch me with those hands,” she rolls her eyes dramatically, “i wasnt gonna anyways STOOPID. im making a cake! also… hey george,” 

he waves nervously back. i groan, “who’s the cake for nowww,” she shrugs, “hm, i dunno, did’ya get ma candy?!” i set it into her hands, “yes we got it- this is for last night… and the other thing-” she smirks, “hmmm i think ya gotta pay me more for that thing, ya know! i’ll take a worker- you!” she points at george. “me?!” he says stupidly. “yes you.” she says rolling her eyes, “come in here,” then bolts to the kitchen. george shrugs, “alright” glances back at me, so i smile and wink at him. in response he makes a face and follows her in. 

“so a cake huh?” i say, not knowing what to say first. she sighs, “just like clay… SOOOO AWKWARD.” clay leans on the doorway smirking, and i die a bit inside, “i can hear you, you know, dont have to yell,” drista sighs again, “oh pleaseeee, you,” and points at me again, making me peel my eyes off clay. “me?! what?!” drista sighs for the third time, “you hear how much your making me sigh?! just….” she sighs for the forth time, “take it out of the oven for me.” clay looks up from his phone, “thats right,” he comes over and leans on the counter, “she’s TERRIFIED of the oven.” then he continues in a high tone, “oh clay, please, it’ll burn me! yes even from all the way across the kitchen,” drista pouts, “shut up loser,” lightly punching his arm. 

he smiles at both of us, his special smile….and drista shoves two baking mitts at him, “just do it-” george slides them on quickly, like he’s done it a million times before, and quickly takes the cake out, wrinkling his nose and saying, “this smells like… honestly…shit.” i smirk, “see?!” i jeer, “george knows how bad they are-” drista explodes, “SHUT U-” mom walks in, “girlsssss- stop fighting!” i hug her, “mom hi!” drista frowns, “dont act innocent you f-” 

clays mom raises her eyesbrows, “drista, watch the language-” clay sticks his tongue out at her childishly, and i chuckle. drista says smartly, “mom im 13- plus, clay does alllllll the time,” clays mom sighs “exactly honey… your 13, and you-” she grabs the sides of clays face, “are 17, stop acting like your 12-” she sighs again, there seems to be a lot of sighing done in this household- clays mom turns to me now, “who would you be?” 

“i- im george,” i roll my eyes as drista raises her eyebrows at me. george sticks his hand out, and mom remarks, “my my,” and shakes it, “what a gentleman, you could learn from him clay-and wait george, isnt that-” i gently push her out of the kitchen, “thats enough for today.” george giggles, and i glance over to see him push himself up onto the counter.


Drista smiles slyly, “clay- you should really lock your door when you leave, your room is very tempting.” i start, “DRISTA- WHAT DID I JUST SAY… LITERALLY THIS MORNING!! WHAT DID I SAY.” i throw my hands up. she shrugs, unperturbed, “you should probably check what i got into..” I huff, “HMPH. DRISTA. UGH-YOUR SO- UGH.” i stomp up the stairs and into my room.




Drista laughs cheerfully, “he’s such a drama queen sometimes, especially once he learned i read my journal.” I feel my face break into a smile, “he does seem pissed…” i mean…. it must be annoying for him… to have his privacy intruded upon, but since its not me… its kinda funny- to be honest. Drista grins back at me, “now i’ll have to ‘sincerely’ promise to not read it, or go into his room- so he’ll put interesting stuff in it again..” I giggle, smirking “thats true, smart-” clay walks back in, obviously super irritated, “whats true.” drista ignores him, still looking at me, “clays right- you do have a pretty smile,”





george’s eyes widen as he tilts his head, “oh?” fucking…. why drista…. i guess she really did read my journal then… i feel my face grow a bit hot, “… i… didnt say that-” i blink a bit, trying to ignore the curious expression plastered on georges face. i shake my head and turn to drista, “now you, ma’am.” drista interupts before i can give her my speech, “you dont know im a ma’am.” i click my tongue, she has a point, but RIGHT NOW?!?! “alright.” i breathe out, “you PERSON.” i raise my eyebrows, “are to not go back in my room or read my journal- unless its an invitation….I MEANT THAT FOR MY ROOM…. invitations for my room- not…. journal,” george chuckles at my spaceyness, (yes i just made up a word. AND?!?) and drista huffs. i smirk and add, “unless you want to see my GORGEOUS face.” drista rolls her eyes, hard, and remarks, “there he is again. ok… i promise.”


“georgeeeee~ that boy is here again- at the door.” my mom yells from downstairs. i smile and roll my eyes, knowing exactly who that boy is. i jump down the stairs, two at a time and as soon as i reach the door i fling it open. he’s not there, oh greatttttt- i smirk and roll my eyes, “clay-” he springs out from behind a bush, “BOO!” i flinch a bit, what is wrong with me, i knew he was there!! clay smiles wide, “hahhhhh i got youuuuu-” i scoff, “that was pathetic clay-” he sighs, “whatever- lets just go,” i tilt my head and step forward, closing the door behind me, “where to?” he looks up at me, thinking, i step down off the doorstep and he remarks, “i was wondering why you were so tall- im not used to you being NOT SHORT.” i groan, “pleaseeeee shut up.” clay sighs, “alright….” he pauses, “what if we went to a cafe-” i widen my eyes, squirming inside, “that…. sounds like a date-” clay shrugs, nonchalantly, but i can tell how nervous he is, “maybe it is?” he holds out his hand a bit, i hang back, my mom wouldnt like this…. she reallyyyyy wouldnt like this- and she’s righttttt in there… “i dunno clay-” i say, even though i know what my true answer would be. clay tilts his head, “we dont have to call it a date- whatever you want” he takes my hand and the ocean crashes in my ears, i cant hear, everything seems all so loud. he’s just holding my hand- he’s just holding my hand… god george. i cant say no… i dont want to- i cant, i look away from him, smiling, “you’re an idiot, just take me-” his shoulders lift, he cant completely hide his excitement from me… “your sure?” he says, i swear to god this guy is so sweet, STUPIDLY sweet, IDIOTICALLY sweet, so gosh darn sweet. i roll my eyes, “just take me on the fucking date clay-”



we’re sitting at a table across from one another, i feel heat reach my cheeks as i glance up, from the VERY INTERESTING TABLE THANK YOU VERY MUCH, and see him staring at me over my coffee. “stop looking at me like that.” i say, looking around at the shop, i realize what neat curtains they have, light blue… curtains.




he looks back up and i smirk, “would you rather have me looking at someone else?” i watch as that lands with him, he immediately retorts, “god clay. NO.” i smirk at his nervousness, “mkay-” (is nervousness a word?) i lean on my hand, staring into his auburn eyes, he quickly covers his face, “well can you at least not look at me like thattt-” i grin, “why not-” he rolls his eyes, “cause i SAID so.” not a bad answer, i’ll listen to it. “just… stop looking at me like im worth something.” my mouth drops open, he’s kidding… he has to be kidding, “scuse me??!?” his hands leave his face, “yes?” i glare at him, “i will seriously slap you the next time you say that-” now george smirks, “i would loveeeee to see you slap me.” “that was a warning.” i say in a barely serious tone. we both burst out laughing, causing the people around us to glance our way.


—————————————————————————————-

“see you tomorrow-” i say waving. “i have to do my homework at night because of you.” i retorts back. “should i assist? i can climb pretty well… no need to wake your mother.” he looks at me, slightly horrified, “NO! you are not climbing my house like some fucking prince in rapunzel then FUCKING BREAKING YOUR BACK.” i shrug, trying not to burst into laughter, “it would be worth it.” he makes a face, his mouth dropping open, “now you need to stop.” he says, punching my arm lightly. “whatever… you care to much about me.” he groans, “PLEASEEEE for the love of god SHUT UP.” i smirk, he’s funny like this, “careful baby- you’ll wake the whole neighborhood up.” even in the dark i can see the pink blush, spread across his face. “well… uh… you’re just… UGH. annoying as fuck.” i smile at the blush ive created, “if thats who i am to you-” then i walk away, leaving him stuttering, unable to say a thing. george gains his words back and groans, shouting at me, “YOUR AN IDIOT YOU KNOW THAT?!” in response i throw my hands up, apparently that satisfies him as he goes back into his house.




what the hell was that. baby?!?! goddammit. i walk inside and see my mother waiting, “oh hey mom- whats up?” she smiles, but its cold, “your homework sweetie.” oh fuck…. that. clay distracted me… the fucker. “right… uhm, i’ll do that right now-” i quickly run up the stairs before she can say anymore, we usually spend the weekends together, but this weekend i have barely spent a second. its clay again….. so distracting.



i wake up groaning, the sunshine comes through my window as i open it, breathing in the cool morning air, beautiful thing… air. i suddenly see a figure walking up the road, rather… skipping. skipping huh? i know exactly who it is… clay… no one else skips on this road… sad really. clay reaches the doorstep and calls up to me, “should i climb?!” i groan, roll my eyes and quickly bolt down the stairs, accidentally bumping into my mom on her way up. “hey sweetie- whats the rush?” she asks. i reach the door, and resting my hand on the door handle, breathlessly say, “clay’s at the door.” her smile drops a bit but she continues upstairs, “ah…. clay.” what was that about!?!?





he smiles as he opens the door, “lets not break your back today-”

he says, winking and grabbing my wrist, leading me up the stairs into his room.

“we’re doing my homework cause i said so.” he says snootily. i shrug, i dont really care…

but really? homework?! i guess i should be glad i get to see him at all.


after a while of sitting on his carpet,

minutes of meaningless conversation and little laughs.

george groans and throws his notebook across the room, “ohhhh im sure that’ll help-”

he flicks his glare at me, god he looks like he’s out for blood,

“jesus im sorry-” i mumble.

he groans again and flops down on his stomach, burrowing his face into the carpet, the itchy carpet.

“that doesnt look comfortable-”

he flips his head sideways and looks at me incredulously, “no duh.” then goes back to cursing into the carpet.

i stand up and grab his notebook from the other side of the room, sitting back down next to him

i open it up, not too bad… “mkay then..” i guess im doing this….

god im a simp. i proceed to do all the math work assigned,

his mistakes are just stupid ones, he’s knows how to do it… he’s just not trying.

i close the notebook and throw it back across the room, then nudge him.

“nooooooooooo- you cant make me do mathhhhhhh” he says looking up.

“im not. i did it.” his mouth drops open, “you are such a simp.” he says disbelievingly.

i roll my eyes, he’s not wrong… i did say it myself… wtf, im not a simp.

after a few minutes of us laughing at random things, george remarks,

“im just putting this out there… im coming up with your nickname right now.”

i smirk, “im listening.” i already have a million nicknames for this guy but i dont think i’ll share them.


he intensely stares at the wall for a minute,

“damn i wish you would stare at me like that.”

oop. my fucking brain. ugh.

much to my slight satisfaction he turns his head and stares at me, with the same intensity as before.

after a few minutes of eye contact, that i swear is making me sweat, george snaps back.

“ok.” he says blandly, “ive got one- its kinda cringey and i dont wanna explain it cause it would be embarrassing but-”

“just call me beloved already~” i whine, teasing him.


he’s slightly annoyed, “oh shut up. now im not going to tell you-” and with that he sits up, turns away and crossed his arms.

what. a. prick. stupidhead.

“come onnnnn i was just teasing- you know that,” i say, slightly worried i actually said something.

he sighs, “all i came up with was dream.”

ooh- i wasnt expecting that,

“dream?” i say repeating the name as a question.

“dream.” george says, confirming thats what he came up with.

“awhhh well i like it- its-” and before i can stop myself, “cute.”

he perks up and turns back around, facing me again,

“it is?”

i laugh, “yup,” i say it with all the confidence mustered in me, it worked.

i didnt stutter!

i suddenly remember something, “oh!”

i jump up, “thats right! so i know you guys got off to a rocky start but i was thinking th-”

he cuts me off, “no dream.”

i smile at the name, “awh look your already using it-”

“no.” he repeats, making sure i heard.

i did.

“tomorrow?” i question,

i have a feeling that quackity and george would get along… just a feeling.

“maybe-” he answers, “maybe,”


maybe.

just maybe.

i always liked the chance, when people say maybe-

will it be a yes?

will it be a no?

or will it always be a maybe?

i glance around his room, i spot of photos of him and another guy, i wonder who that is but move on to the others. i see a photo of him dancing with a girl.

does george knows how to dance?

we’ll see.

“george?” i ask tentatively

he hums so i continue,

“do you know how to dance?”

he clears his throat, “you were looking at that photo werent you.”

i smile, so he does, might as well tease him a bit, “you never answered sweetie-“

“stop calling me those. they’re annoying.” he says turning the slightest bit pink.

“you’re still not answering…” i say my smile growing wider.

he makes quick brief eye contact with me then looks out the window,

“it looks like its gonna rain… doesnt it?”

i roll my eyes, he really doesnt want to admit it,

“i do too-” i say just to catch his attention again.

he meets my eyes finally

“you do?” he says curiously.

i hum, great…. now i have to learn how to dance… really really fast…

“huh.” he says amused, “show me.”


‘Hey Sap. Sorry it’s so late, I know I usually call sooner but I was taking Drista out for ice-cream. Stuff at home is shit right now so I just wanted to give her an escape, ya know. Anyways… how am I?
Not the best school really sucks without you dude. I never realised how lame both of us were until now, it was only us and now that your gone I’ve got no one to talk to… sorry that sounded selfish I guess. I just- I’ve never known what it’s like to feel like this; We spoke everyday no matter what and I always had you there for me so I’ve never experienced loneliness. I’ve never been consumed by isolation or felt what’s its like to be swormed in a sea of people yet so empty. With no one to speak to, when teachers call on me in class I almost forget how to speak, dumb right? Anyways goodnight I love you. Dream signing off’ 
He lays the walky talkie down on his bedside drawers knowing he does not need to wait for a response. You may be wondering who he was speaking to or why someone in 2021 would be using a walky talkie. First off he wasn’t speaking to anyone, well maybe in his mind someone was listening but no one really was. But then ‘who is sap?’ you may be thinking. Sapnap, ignore the dumb nickname, they had made them up for each other in the first grade but somehow they stuck, was dreams best friend. They were inseparable they had there own little world together and no matter what they always had each other. One day in the 2nd grade Sapnap came running onto the playground with two gigantic chunks of metal, even though they were the most unappealing object to ever be made the boys were enamoured by them and everyday since they would speak to each other over them (even after they had gotten there own mobiles.) It was ridiculous but it was them, just another thing in there incredibly beautiful world. However, here comes the hard part, Sapnap past away a couple months ago and he left Dream all by himself… 
Kind of a selfish way to think about someone’s who died, blaming them for leaving you. Yet Sap was dreams whole world he was his everything and he left him.




I sat down, cross legged on the short beanbag chair that I had bought two days ago after submitting my art. It was known widely around the large building complex that my art project had been finished. Our parents had thrown a small party with a few friends from around the building, to celebrate.

I mean, I couldn’t really blame them. All three of their children had dropped out of highschool and became successful in our own ways. George, becoming a well known content creator. Sanna, a famous dancer. Then last, but not least, me. I haven’t done anything, yet. Who cares. It’ll come soon enough.

The art project, including many different smaller projects, had taken me two years to complete. I had a lot of time on my hands with not going to a university, so I used it, any chance I got. Moving on, I was sitting in the studio room with absolutely nothing to do. Maybe I should’ve taken the child from the malls number while I could. Nah.

I walked out the studio, hoping to find George watching a movie or preparing food for himself, so that I could chat with him for a while, but as I suspected he was upstairs in his room, playing on that one Minecraft server of Clays. They had begged me to join the server just a few days ago, maybe the offer was still up for grabs.

I flopped myself onto the face of my bed. I had been getting more and more bored by the moment, so maybe joining Clays server wasn’t the worst idea. It had everything a girl could probably ask for. Her idiot brother, her idiot best friend, and his idiot best friend. It sounds like a dream. 

All I had to do was call up ‘Big D’ and tell him the news. He would either be ecstatic or worried that I might light everything on fire. I wonder if he’d let me blow up a small man made village. He may be a simp, but is he that big of a simp? We’llhave to test that bit out later then. I pressed the call button, hearing the dail tone play back. 

“Hey, Charlie. How’s the boyfriend?” He asked in a teasing, childish manner.

I faked a sigh. “Mentally unstable and broken-hearted.”

“You broke up with Wilbur? How could you?” Clay exaggeratedly replied, pretending to be shocked like they did in those really dramatic mexican soap operas. 

“Are you serious, you dumb fuck?” We were never dating and I don’t plan to date him anytime soon. Like I said, he’s mentally ill. He’s also like an older brother.

He chuckled cutely. Usually when Clay laughed, it ended up on him turning into a whole entire tea kettle made of clay. That’s why his giggles were so cute. The rarity of them. “Well then, you aren’t taken?”

“No, but you definitely are, Mr.WasTaken.” I joked, cringing at myself. “We’re getting way off track here.”

“The fact there is a track tells me that you want something.”

“Technically, it’s something for the both of us, so you’re half wrong, Dream.”

I could practically hear his eye roll as I spoke. “Yeah, sure. Can’t you stop being in such a rush and just try talking like it’s a normal day?”

“Okay.” I lifted myself off the bed and walked towards the desk I had. “Now explain how I can possibly become more normal, sir.”

“Oh, come on.” Clay said, my ears happy to hear him say the iconic words. “Pretend I’m a random guy on the streets and you’ve never met me before.”

I lifted one eye brow out of habit. “Oh, are we doing role play now, Dream?”

“I hate you.” There was a small slamming noise from his end. “Okay, what is it that you wanted to tell me so badly?”

“I called because I was wonder whether another one of us siblings could join that server of yours?” 

“Really!?” The excitement in his voice was unmeasurable. 

I mean, I completely understood why. Clay and I didn’t spend much time together anymore since I’d usually be focusing on my art career and him his online one. He must’ve taken the fact that I’m taking time out of my day to play a block game with my friends who I haven’t met in real life. I love living this life. 

“Charlie, seriously though, are you joking with me or are you positive?”

“I’m not a very positive person, but I’m not joking with you. Now send my the server address before I change my mind. Come on, hop to it.”

I got a notification from discord after a moment of hearing Clay just randomly rant on about how much he can’t believe that I’m actually joking the server. My computer and the newer parts of Georges last set up were already arranged in a sort of neat way on my desk, so I could start playing as soon as I wanted. 

I typed the I.P. address into my computer and got into the server which I thought was small and had only, but a few friends. Few would be right if few meant more than twenty. I was bombarded with greetings in the chat when the others had realized I newly joined. 

WilburSoot: Hey, Charlie! I see you’ve finally caved in to Dreams requests. 

Tubbo: Hello! Is that Charlie Slimecicle?

TommyInnit: I don’t know, why are you asking me, ask her.

Tubbo: Geez, man. 

TommyInnit: Fine I’ll ask. Who are you?

CharlieNotLost: No, not you again. Oh my gosh, Tommy?

TommyInnit: Yes, that is who I am. Are you a fan of mine, I have many fans. 

CharlieNotLost: Nope. I absolutely despise you, Innit. 

TommyInnit: That isn’t a very nice thing to say to your fellow members then, is it?

CharlieNotLost: Says after not greeting me once and immediately asking who I am.

TommyInnit: Shut it. I can tell, we’re not going to get along. 

CharlieNotLost: Not like I want to get along with someone like you. 

TommyInnit: Dream, who is this and why do I already hate them?

GeorgeNotFound: Take a wild guess by looking at her name.

CharlieNotLost: Don’t confuse the stupid child. Allow me to tell him. I am very well known as Georges youngest sister. 

CaptainPuffy: Hi, everyone! Welcome to the server, Charlie!

CharlieNotLost: Hello and thank you. 

SapNap: Look who finally joined. 

CharlieNotLost: You disgust me. 

SapNap: Tommy I’m both suprised and disappointed you couldn’t tell who she was by her annoying personality.

CharlieNotLost: Says the sassiest person on this server.

KarlJacobs: True, very true. Hello, by the way! It’s nice finally meeting you.

CharlieNotLost: Hey, Karl. I’m a huge fan of yours.

KarlJacobs: Maybe we can play together sometime.

Quackity: Hola, senorita.

CharlieNotLost: Hola, senor. 

Quackity: You looking to buy, man?

CharlieNotLost: I’m broke.

Quackity: You looking to try, man?

CharlieNotLost: For sure, maybe later though. I have a meeting with the muffin man.

Quackity: I see, make sure to try later.

CharlieNotLost: Where is the muffin man?

BadBoyHalo: Would you please stop calling me that name? 

CharlieNotLost: What else should I call you? BitchBoyHalo?

BadBoyHalo: Language! The muffin man is better, please stick to the muffin man.

Skeppy: In all honesty, both the names are pretty fitting.

BadBoyHalo: Don’t say that you, little muffin head.

CharlieNotLost: Bad, you use muffin as a substitute for cuss words, right?

Skeppy: Yes, that is what he does.

CharlieNotLost: Does that mean you’re actually just calling everyone dickheads?

BadBoyHalo: No! Language! 

Quackity: I mean, she’s got a pretty great point. 

CharlieNotLost: Gracias, Big Q. Me gusta tu personaje.

Quackity: Hablas espanol? 

CharlieNotLost: Si.

Quackity: Oh my gosh, do you actually speak Spanish?

CharlieNotLost: Yeah, I’m bilingual. I speak multiple languages.

Quackity: Whats your discord, we can talk about everyone behind their backs. 

CharlieNotLost: I forgot, ask Dream. 

Dream: I’m sending you an invite link to the servers discord chat. 

TommyInnit: Quick question, Charlie. Who is your favorite woman?

CharlieNotLost: I don’t have one at the moment, but my first chosen is…the Queen?

TommyInnit: Chat says that aren’t as bad as you seem. 

WilburSoot: What would people call you and George then as siblings?

CharlieNotLost: The Lost & Found Siblings.

Nihachu: Aww, that’s such a cute name for the two of you.

CharlieNotLost: Dream, Niki has been on this server and you didn’t feel the need to inform me? 

Dream: I never knew you were a fan of hers.

CharlieNotLost: Fan? 

Dream: Yeah, I didn’t know otherwise I would’ve told you sooner.

CharlieNotLost: Sir, we aren’t called fans in the Nihachu franchise, we are practically slaves who worship her with every breath of life. It’s a lifestyle, not a punishment.

Nihachu: Haha, thank you for being a fan of my content. You sound funny and nice.

SapNap: Believe me, she really isn’t. 

CharlieNotLost: If you spread slander about me, I’ll burn your house down. 

WilburSoot: Tubbo and the rest of us are asking, Dream Smp or L’manberg?

CharlieNotLost: Thats an extremely tough question.

Dream: Is it though?

CharlieNotLost: Choose my best friends side or choose the side with my fake so called boyfriend who I treat like an older brother, a rambunctious child who hates americans, the childs best friend who absolutely loves bees and can’t read, a confused furry who is confused way too much, and some other people who I don’t want to describe, along with the fact that the nation is being run by a psychopath and it’s now in complete ruins. 

Tubbo: The second side sounds nice. 

TommyInnit: I am not rambunctious.

WilburSoot: Aww, I’m like an older brother to you?

CharlieNotLost: I think I’ll stay neutral for now and add to the storyline later on. I still need to update myself on everythinggoing on as well. War doesn’t make me a great person either. 

Dream: Oh, come on. You can’t possibly be any worse than the other psychos we have on this server. 

CharlieNotLost: Yep…I recommend I stay away from the storyline until further notice.

Quackity: Hey, I added you on discord. I’m streaming right now, so if you could join the Vc that would be great.

CharlieNotLost: Gotcha. 

I opened a separate slide on my computer and accepted the friend requests from most of the server members before seeing another invite to the Dream Smp discord server. I quickly entered the server and joined the call Alex was in. “Hola, senor.”

I walk down the hallway and open my locker, no one notices. I walk to class and sit down, no one notices. I sit at a table alone to eat my lunch, someone notices. A popular kid. He stares at me. I stare back. He’s never noticed me before, i know that. At least not like i have for him.

A guy sitting alone at a table. I’ve never seen him before. And thats weird. I know everyone in this school. Pretty much. Or at least i thought. I ask the guys if they want to go over. They laugh like its some sort of joke. Its not though. Is it?

He says something, they laugh and he looks hurt. Is he?

I ask again. They say “what do you have a new obsession? oh please, tell us” I deny, deny, deny.

I go back to my food. He noticed me, looking.

He looks lonely, i say. They jeer and tell me no. 

I hug my knees to my chest. The most horrible thing ever created, The Lunch Room. I can’t wait for class again.

I stay at my table, waiting until they turn their backs. And stop joking and jabbing at me.
Dream rouses suddenly to a whack against his back. He jolts, abruptly sitting upward, and looks to his side, relaxing when he realizes it was only George. Waking up to someone next to him was going to take a little time to adjust to. The other man had tossed over to his left side, allowing Dream to see his face as he slept. He had also stolen the entirety of the comforter, leaving Dream just a bit chilly.

“George can I-” Dream sighs, cutting himself off. Yeah, there’s no point.

He scoots a little bit away from George and lays down, facing his direction. It was still so weird being able to be this close to his best friend. It had taken a couple weeks for Dream to get accustomed to being around Sapnap in real life, and he would have to leave before the same happened with George. It really sucked, he absolutely loved every second with the Brit and the dynamic between the three of them. Leave it to him to get all sappy, he’s going to blame it on his sleep deprived state.

Dream listens to George breathe gently, taking in his soft features. He notices his friend still had light bags under his eyes, contrasting against his porcelain skin that glowed with the rose-colored beams of sunrise, giving him an angelic look. George adjusts himself on his pillow moving his face upward, revealing his prominent jawline. His dark brown hair cascaded over his forehead, partially hiding his eyes from view. 

He understood why so many people simped for George based only on his looks, but it was never why Dream admired George. The funny thing is that the person George played as in his streams and videos were only half of his actual personality. Sure he was sarcastic and petty at times, but underneath that laid a person who was fiercely protective and loyal to his friends. It was one of the things that drew Dream to the Brit and was one of the many reasons he stayed by his side.

Dream shakes his head, turning his gaze to the ceiling. Looking at his friend like a weirdo at early o’clock in the morning, check. 

He closes his eyes, trying to get a few more minutes of rest before the surely tiring day ahead.

George awakes surprisingly peacefully, shielding his face from the bright sunlight coming through the break in the drapes. For once it wasn’t the default Iphone alarm waking him up, making him regret his existence. 

He sits up, catching hold of the edge of the headboard and cracking his spine. It’s then when he notices half of the blanket was on the hardwood, leaving the other half on himself.

 Oops. At least he had woken up first. That would have been embarrassing. Standing up, he covers Dream with his share of the cover before grabbing a change from his suitcase and heading to the bathroom. He takes a quick shower and changes into the fresh set of clothes. He grabs his contacts and toothbrush from his suitcase, taking his medication dry as he heads back to finish his minimal morning routine. 

“Afternoon.” Sapnap says casually from the couch, looking up from his phone as George enters the living room.

“How long have you been awake?” George questions, sitting next to him.

“I came down half an hour ago. Just looking for somewhere to have lunch.” He replies, turning to face his friend. 

“Nice. What have you got?” 

“Here take a look.” Sapnap hands him his phone, pointing at the bookmarked tabs. 

George looks through the tabs and stops, intrigued. “Rooster Cafe looks good.” 

“Yeah that one’s only about fifteen minutes out.” Sapnap says, taking his phone back. George nods, leaning his head against the back of the leather couch. “Is Dream up yet?” 

“No. I don’t think he slept on the flight or the ride over here yesterday.” George tells him. 

They waited until 1 PM until Sapnap suggested they wake him up. “Go get his lazy butt. I gotta change out of these shorts.” Sapnap asks. George laughs and heads toward their room. He turns the handle, leaving the door open behind him.

“Dream,” George calls, shaking the other man’s warm shoulder. “Wake up.” 

The man doesn’t even twitch, his eyes remaining closed. George observes the dark bags under his eyes and cringes in guilt. Well they couldn’t go without him. “Dream, come on.” He says, shaking his arm more forcefully. 

“What,” Dream rumbles. George stumbles back, caught off guard. That was kind of terrifying. Dream’s morning voice is so deep. “Sorry.” He mumbles into his pillow when he realizes who it was.

“We’re getting food.” George tells him. Dream opens his eyes to a chocolate-colored gaze. 

“What’s the time?” He asks.

“Only 1 PM. We’ll be in the kitchen.” George says, walking out the door.

Ten minutes later, Dream came trudging down the hall, sporting khaki shorts and a navy long sleeve, buttoned up to his elbows. 

“Sleeping Beauty awakes.” Sapnap quips. Dream flips him off and falls down on the couch, arching his back over the decorative pillow.

“Come on, I’m starving.” George says, leaning on the back of the couch behind them. The two hop off in agreement, making sure they had their wallets and phones before walking out the door. 

They file into the elevator and George presses the ground floor button on the panel. Sapnap scrolls through Twitter as George fills Dream in on where they were going. As the elevator doors open, Sapnap walks out first not noticing a man coming towards him with a stack of files up to his nose. 

They crash into each other and both fall, George and Dream’s eyes widening as they walk out behind him. 

“Così dispiaciuto-oh you guys are Americans.” The blushing man says, picking himself up and looking at half his files strewn across the floor. “So sorry man.”

“Hey, sorry I wasn’t watching where I was going,” Sapnap apologizes, rubbing his head. 

“No worries. It’s fine.” He offers a hand to Sapnap who takes it gratefully, pulling himself up and looking into the grey-eyed stranger’s eyes. He was wearing a purple shirt and khaki trousers, definitely one of the few people who could pull off an effortless messy hairstyle. They both bend down to help Dream and George pick up the files. 

“Thanks.” He grins gratefully, accepting the huge stack of files and placing them on the floor. “I haven’t seen you guys around, I’m Karl.” He introduces himself. 

“Yeah we-um we just got here yesterday. I’m Nick, but everyone calls me Sapnap, that’s George and that’s Clay…” Sapnap looks back at the tall man raising an eyebrow.

“But people call me Dream.” He adds. He didn’t really think this person would find his Youtube channel and even if he did, he wasn’t planning on taking any pictures with him. 

Karl nods, smiling slightly. “You guys do the whole nickname thing too. My group does that for a few of our friends.” He mentions.

“How’d you know they’re American?” George questions.

“Well I know you’re not now.” Karl jokes. “And it’s by what you’re wearing. Spend a few hours here and you’ll get it.” 

“Karl, I-oh hello!” A man taller than Dream walks up to them, looking at Karl. “Who are they?”

“Hey Wil. This is Dream, Sapnap, and George. Nicknames obviously.” Karl adds. “This is Wilbur.” 

“You’re wearing a beanie in the middle of summer?” George asks, tilting his head to the side questioningly. 

“Ah, hello fellow Brit.” Wilbur smiles. “And yes, it’s kind of my thing.” 

“They just arrived.” Karl tells his friend. “Are you here for vacation or school?” 

“Vacation. We’re here for about two weeks, maybe more. How about you guys?” Sapnap asks. 

“We all came from our colleges for scholarship stuff. Happened to run into each other and boom, roommates.” Karl explains. The three nod. “You should come over and we can talk some more!” 

Sapnap nods. “Yeah that would be awesome! We were just about to get some lunch, maybe after?” 

“Totally, we can meet up in my apartment and I can get everyone together. We don’t meet new people our age very often, so it’s pretty exciting.” Karl admits. “My room number is 116 on the eleventh floor. Come say hi!” He says, shooting Sapnap a small smile. 

“Nice to meet you guys, talk to you later!” Wilbur says, as he and Karl step into the elevator. The trio nod and wave as the elevator doors close. They walk out of the air conditioned lobby and into the heat of the afternoon, waving down a taxi. 

“Well they were nice.” George says, shielding his eyes from the bright sunlight. 

“Yeah.” Dream says, glancing at Sapnap. “Nico was right about the college kids here.” 

“Huh?” Sapnap asks. George looks at the tall man questiongly as well. 

“Oh yeah, while you guys were asleep yesterday I talked to the driver about a bunch of stuff. He said that there were a lot of college kids that live in our hotel for summer scholarship trips and stuff.” Dream explains. A taxi comes to a stop in front of them and George climbs in first. 

“Someone’s a little red.” Dream teases quietly. 

Sapnap realizes what he’s implying and rolls his eyes. “It’s just hot you stupid idiot.” 

Dream snickers and climbs in next to George, letting Sapnap take the passenger seat. 

“Rooster Cafe Firenze please.” Sapnap says politely. The driver nods and starts down the road, as if he knew the route well. 

The trio all look out the window, observing the streets of Florence properly for the first time. The roads were bustling with life, people standing outside in the sweltering sun selling their products. They understood what Karl meant now. Everyone who wasn’t visibly a tourist was wearing either sports clothes or what looked like designer attire, expensive jewellery adorning their bodies.

The traffic was absolutely crazy, their driver was constantly honking at other vehicles, yelling what sounded like curse words in Italian. “It’s fine we’re going to get rentals soon.” Dream assures George who looked like he was going to be sick.

“Great. You probably drive crazier than most of these people.” George points out. 

“I’m a great driver!” Dream defends, pressing a hand to his chest in offense. 

“Whatever, I’m a better driver than both of you.” Sapnap looks back over his shoulder. 

“Yeah right.” George scoffs.  

“È we here. Serrano 10.” The driver says. Dream nods and hands him 10 euros and the driver shoots him a thumbs up. 

They hop out and walk into the chilled atmosphere of the cafe. A waitress seats them at a table and they pick up their menus, skimming through them.

“Dream, we gotta stop at an ATM so me and George can exchange some of our cash.” Sapnap reminds him. The man pulls out his wallet and hands each of them a small stack of bills. 

“Keep that for now. We can go after we go to Karl’s place.” Dream assures. They nod, stuffing the bills into their pockets. 

They order two pizzas between them, salivating at the aroma that wafted throughout the small cafe. 

“So what’s the plan today?” George asks, as they wait for their food. 

“There’s this really famous garden here, I was thinking we start there.” Dream sips his water, wiping the condensation onto his shorts. 

“Yay, plants.” Sapnap deadpans, checking the time on his phone. 

“Is it the Boboli Gardens? I researched that as well.” George nods, ignoring Sapnap. 

“Yup. Apparently it’s a you can’t leave Florence without seeing it thing.” 

The waitress comes back to their table, placing two piping hot pizzas in front of them. All UK and American comparisons went out the window, these looked unbelievable. They immediately dig in, the taste of fresh pesto and mozzarella cheese hitting their taste buds. 

“Holy shit.” Sapnap says, his mouth full. 

“I think I’m ready to move here.” Dream admits, licking the green sauce off his lips. George hums in agreement, still attacking his plate. By the time they left the restaurant, Sapnap and Dream were stuffed beyond reason, George being the only one who stopped at an adequate time. 

“You know, I wish I was as smart as George.” Sapnap groans, holding his stomach as the Brit holds his hand out to catch a taxi.

“Yeah same.” Dream agrees. He kneels down on the sidewalk, leaning over his feet. Sapnap squats down and steadies himself on Dream’s shoulder, joining him.

“Get off the floor you idiots.” George tells them, nudging Dream’s knee. 

They take a taxi back to their building, taking the elevator up to the eleventh floor. 

“What room was it again?” Dream looks down the hallway at the identical looking rooms. 

“116.” Sapnap replies, starting down the hall. They arrive outside the door and knock, hearing footsteps come toward them.

“Hey guys! Everyone’s here!” Karl opens the door, smiling at them. 

“Hi Karl, thanks for inviting us.” Sapnap nods, walking through the door into the apartment.

“Hey no problem, we’re in the living room.” Karl says, closing the door behind them.

The trio plus Karl head deeper into the room toward the noise emanating from their left. They enter, looking at the TV. There were four guys in the room, two spread out on the couch and two sitting on the floor, the only one they recognized being Wilbur. 

“Hey! You guys made it!” Wilbur says, pausing what looked like Smash Bros. Three other pairs of eyes turn to look at them. 

“Hey new kids,” The one on the far left of the couch with pink highlights says, raising his hand. 

Karl sits down on the rug. “Ok so that’s Techno, and Jack on the couch. And that’s Ranboo on the floor.” He says, pointing to each of them. “Guys this is Dream, Sapnap and George.” 

“Ok you’re going to have to explain the nicknames.” George mentions.

“Only if you do, I mean Sapnap?” Ranboo asks with a laugh. 

They all chuckle and Wilbur waves them over. George and Sapnap sit down on the floor around the TV and Dream takes a seat in between Techno and Jack.

They all immediately turn back to Smash Bros, Ranboo challenging Sapnap to a randoms match. 

“Karl is uncannily nice,” Dream says, turning to Techno. 

“Yeah it’s going to get him in trouble one day.” He replies, running a hand through his hair. “He would probably invite an axe-murderer in here for tea.”

“True, but there’s honestly no way I would get through this summer program without you guys so I’m grateful.” Jack leans against the sofa, wrapping an arm around the back. 

Before Techno can reply, a loud groan sounds from Ranboo, the others watching following suit. Apparently his remote ran out of battery. They turn off the switch and turn around to face the couch.

“So we didn’t get to ask, what scholarship are you all here for?” George asks.

“Oh we don’t all have the same scholarship.” Wilbur says. “Everyone is here for different things.”

“Yeah. I’m from North Carolina for a photography internship.” Karl says. 

“Wil and I are from the same university, we both got a paid scholarship to learn under a musician living here that went to our school.” Jack adds.

“Forensic science major. They sent me here to study toxicology stuff. You’d be surprised, the crime rates are high here.” Techno tells them. 

“I’m studying architecture. I got lucky, the teacher handing out the scholarships liked me.” Ranboo shrugs.

“Oh please, your designs are brilliant.” Karls says, nudging his shoulder. Ranboo rolls his eyes, shaking his head.

“Ok, where’s Ranboo from? I’m sorry, I can’t stand the suspense any longer.” Sapnap laughs.

“It’s kind of a long story.” Karl giggles.

“What, no it’s not. I pronounced rainbow wrong one time and you guys decided that to be my permanent title.” Ranboo sighs.

Wilbur looks up in thought. “Well when you put it like that..” 

“So you guys are roommates?” Dream asks.

“Yup. Me, Techno and Ranboo in here and Wilbur and Jack two floors below. Our scholarships and universities only pay about half of the rent and stuff so we moved in together to share the cost.” Karl explains.

“That’s how we were able to get the switch.” Ranboo says, gesturing to the console. 

“What about you guys? Karl mentioned you’re on vacation?” Techno asks.

“Yeah, we’ve been friends for a while now. Ah, we’re in the film industry.” George tells them. Technically it was true. 

“That’s cool. The pay must be great.” Ranboo raises his eyebrows. 

“It’s generous.” Sapnap shrugs. 

They end up staying at Karl’s place the entire afternoon, talking and becoming friends with everyone. The trio had never met such unique personalities in one place before, it was fascinating. The switch charged up again by the time they finished talking, launching a Smash Bros tournament as it was the only game they all knew how to play.

George leans his back against the couch in defeat, Ranboo had beaten him with three lives remaining. He rubs his stomach and grimaces. He feels a little queasy, maybe he wasn’t used to having such fresh food. He’s blaming that for losing so badly.

Another thought hits him. He didn’t hear the familiar teasing from Dream that usually happened after he lost. He actually hasn’t for a while. George turns halfway, leaning his elbow on the leather and looking back at his friend. 

Oh shit. Dream didn’t look too hot. He was leaning against the couch with his eyes closed, looking like he was in pain. He was holding his stomach as well, George assumes he was having the same problem he was having, just a higher intensity. Everyone else was too invested in the semi-finals of the tournament to notice. 

“Hey, are you alright?” George asks over the shouts of encouragement coming from the group. Dream opens his eyes, having to process who was talking before looking down. 

“All good.” Dream sends him a weak smile. George raises an eyebrow. Stubborn idiot. He jumps in surprise as Sapnap screams in defeat, Jack raising his hands in victory.  

“Come join the losers club!” Karl exclaims, patting the carpet next to him. Sapnap stands up and plops down next to the brunette-haired male, tossing the controller to Techno who had already advanced to the finals.

“Hey guys, I think I’m going to head out. Jet lag is hitting me hard.” George says, standing up and stretching. “Dream you coming? You’re practically falling asleep.” 

“Yeah coming.” He mumbles back.

“Nice meeting you guys! Come back soon, Dream I’m going to need a rematch.” Wilbur smiles.

“Don’t worry I’ll be back to destroy you again.” Dream smirks, laughing slightly as the other man rolls his eyes.

Everyone calls out their goodbyes and George waves in their direction. 

“Sap, do you have a room key?” Dream asks. Sapnap pats his pockets and shakes his head. “Here.” Dream plucks the plastic card from his pocket and throws it at him. Sapnap catches it fluidly, nodding in appreciation. 

They close the door behind them and Dream immediately braces himself against the wall, his forehead wrinkling in discomfort. “Aw man.” 

“You’re such a blockhead. We could have left earlier if you told me before.” George shakes his head, holding his own abdomen. 

“Blockhead? I miss idiot.” Dream scoffs. “Are you good?” 

“I seem to be having the same stupid problem. Our luck.” George scoffs. Dream covers his mouth and George is sure the other man is about to puke. He relaxes as he notices Dream’s shoulders shaking with laughter, a smile partially hidden by his palm. 

“Let’s go. I need to fall on a bed dramatically.” Dream says, still grinning. 

“Honestly, same.” 




In history i watch them ignore each other, and by the end of class, they still haven’t once glanced at the other. dang. I walk outside, forgetting about all the drama for this first time today. Feeling the sun shine on my face, i smile, but it quickly drops, did you really expect to forget everything that quickly george?!

I spot sapnap and head over, he avoids my glance, “please sap, cant i just-” i beg. “EXPLAIN YOURSELF?!?! UES PLEASE.” sapnap shouts. “sap” i say grimacing. “oh please clay, humor me some more.” he says, rolling his eyes. i take a deep breath, how do i say this… “i dont want to kiss you, i d-” i start, getting cut off by him, “OH. WHO KNEW! right now clay. im not sure i want to either.” “sapnap!”i say getting agitated, he makes it so hard to SPEAK. but…. i do get it. “its not anything to do with george,” he scoffs but i continue, “for a while now… ive wanted to say.. i like you just as a friend again,” i frown, “im so sorry,” he crosses his arms, “yeah. im sorry too.” after a moment his mouth twitches, “your saying it wasnt a coincidence that you said that in front of george. that your not-” my eyes widen and i quickly blurt, “nononono sap, that has nothing to do with it i promise,” then i add, “can we still be friends-?” he looks up into my eyes, “like old times-?” i sigh, “maybe not, im not sure what it is with george, but he seems special, can you give him a chance…” he flinches, looking guilty, “of course…” 


“whats wrong sappy-?” karl says while patting his head. “clay… he said he didnt want to kiss me… in front of george, even since he’s seen that kid its been pure trouble…” sapnap says leaning into his hand. quackity stands up, cracking his knuckles, “want us to do anything?” sapnap smiles, “give george what he deserves.” quackity nods but then adds, “which ones george?” sapnap points him out, george standing to the side. “alright sap, you go talk to dream, i’ve got george. karl…. you just…. yeah.” sapnap and karl both nod and they separate.


i see someone walking towards me “hey.” they say. i startle. “oh, hi-! who’re you,?”, why are random people coming up to me?!? he chuckles, “im quackity, im here to tell you to stay away from clay.” i tilt his head, “what d’you mean?”, he’s the one who keeps approaching me… quackity huffs, “you know what i mean, BACK. OFF. sap wants you gone. plus… that was a dare.. clay took it, and he felt bad.” my mouth falls open, so THATS the reason. “i wont have a problem with that. dont worry.”. he nods and walks back across the school courtyard. thats…. thats the reason? i… why did i think anyone liked me at this school….

“this is great! awesome! well, see you tomorrow sap!” i grin, feeling happy having gotten that huge weight off my chest. he avoids my gaze and looks at the ground, “yeah, right, see you tomorrow…”


I come into school, finally feeling free, free of the weight of sapnap, i even feel courageous enough to walk of to george. “hey!”

I frown and ignore him, I’ve already had experience with bullying, and I don’t want to repeat it. 

He.. ignores me? that dampens my mood, a bit- “hey- whats the matter? did i- did i do something?” i tilt my head.

yeah- you made the mistake of ever talking to me- I shove past him and walk to my next class.

The whole rest of the day, i can’t focus, wondering what i did, or what is wrong. When history rolls around i attempt asking him again, same response. 
After school i walk home with sapnap, asking out loud what could be wrong. 
He shrugs and avoids my glance. 
We part at my house and I walk inside. Mom looks up and i slide inside, “hey! how was school?” she asks smiling. 
I pause and stare at the ground, “confusing.” then murmur under my breath, “as fuck.” 
She raises her eyebrows as I trudge up the stairs. Once i reach my room and fling open the door, to find my sister, laying like a model. 
I grunt, “why’re you in my room-? you know i don-” 
she interrupts me, “you seem off, plus- where else do i get my candy?!” I roll my eyes and flip her off, closing the door. “ooooooh dont let mom catch you doing thattttt,” she says, teasing. I flop down next to her, “shut up,” and cover my face. “SERIOUSLY CLAY? you couldnt think of a better response than ‘shut up’?!” she glares at me incredulously. 
“eh- i just dont care,” i say, muffled. “whats up with you clay?! REALLLY, clay would’ve swore me off by now-“
she says punching me lightly. “i dunno- just school things…” i shrug, “now can you get out?” 
“ooooh- now you havvveee to tell me!! who is it?”
“what d’you mean-?” i say lowering my hands. “i betttt you like someoneeeee,” she teases. 
“WHAT?!? i do NOT, i think its time for you to go-” i say while standing up and start pushing her towards the door. “but that means its true doesnt ittttt,” she says smiling goofily. 
i roll my eyes and shut the door, leaving her outside, and me to my peace… if you could call my thoughts calming. 
why did she think i had a crush? was it that obvious… wait- what am i even thinking… my brain is just overloaded today, 
first it was great but the next moment george is ignoring me. 
but i guess thats just my life, isnt it… 
i pull my blankets aside and slide under them, dragging them over my head. 
I close my eyes and try to clear my mind. I need rest, for once.

I slam the door closed behind me and grab a few cookies from the counter. Im about to make it up to my room without detection, but i hear someone clear their throat. I grumble, fuck. “hey, how was school?” my mom asks. “oh~ it was actually really great. thanks for asking- now i’ll be going to my room” i say sarcastically, not turning to look at her. “oh… honey, what happened?” she says reaching out to pat my back. i swat her hand away and say dryly “i. do. not. want. to. talk. about. it.” then i run up the stairs quickly to my room before she can say anything else.
“So. You’re actually doing this?”

The party was raging on around them. The next round of beer pong had begun, crowding Dream and George away from the table, so they stood on the sidelines, amongst the crowd. George kept hearing the audio of his humiliating video playing again and again, followed by laughter. He could hear murmurs of his name, the gossip already spreading.
Karl stood behind George impatiently. George knew Karl was waiting for him to join, regardless of the dare. After all, what kind of person would accept a dare like that and then actually carry through? Being Dream’s slave? Obeying his every word? It sounded ridiculous. 
But George was going to do it.
Dream’s question hung between them. He looked uncertain, even a little irritated, as if he was shocked that George was lingering. George shrugged, as if the answer should have been obvious.

“Uh, yeah? You dared me. What am I going to do? Laugh it off?”

“That’s what I would have expected from you, yeah.”

There was a note of bitterness in Dream’s tone, but he chuckled softly and it disappeared. “You really think you’re going to spend the night doing everything I tell you? Seriously?”

George gave him an irritated, wide-eyed expression. “Again…yeah? Unless you were just making it up to fuck with me. If you can’t handle me, I’ll gladly-“

“No, no,” Dream shook his head, and his smirk seemed to shift - it became darker. Hungrier. “I can handle you.” 

George’s stomach twisted weirdly at his words. Something about it excited him. It sounded like a threat.

“I’m more concerned if you can handle it. I don’t think you realize what you’re in for.”

George stepped up to him, his face inches away from Dream’s, chests almost touching. George had to crane his neck back to look up at Dream. “I’m not afraid of you, Dream. Whatever you’ve got…” His eyes dragged slowly down Dream’s body, and back up again. Sizing him up, all six-foot-whatever of him. “I can take it.”

Dream’s smile didn’t waver. Despite what he said, George felt a tiny, sudden jab of fear. It was the kind of fear he encountered before watching a scary movie, or walking into a haunted maze - it was a thrill, a rush, a hit of adrenaline straight to his veins.

“If you say so, Gogy,” he said softly. “But you might be looking for mercy sooner than you think.” He stepped back, and George finally allowed himself to breath. “Follow me then.”

Dream’s long legs carried him quickly over the lawn, back toward the house, George had to jog just to keep pace with him. Karl caught up with George, and he brought him another drink.

Shoving it into his hands, Karl hooked his arm through George’s and hissed, “Let’s bail! We’ll lay low for 10 minutes and then-“

“I’m not bailing.” George took a long sip of the fruity drink Karl handed him, thankful for the liquid courage.

Karl stopped abruptly, and his looped arm yanked George to a halt.
“You’re not bailing? What the hell do you mean, you’re not bailing? George!” 

His disbelief made George wince. How could he explain this, how could he make it make sense?

“George, you’re crazy, why would you-“

“Gogy!”

George’s heart stuttered. Dream had paused outside the back door. He snapped his fingers, and pointed to the ground at his feet. “Come. Now.”

George glanced back at Karl, and saw that his mouth had tightened into a thin line. “George,” Karl said tensely. “Are you really…”

“Sorry, Karl, I just…”

The normal, logical part of George was screaming that he wasn’t about to let this weirdo treat him like a dog. But the dark, needy part of him was insisting something very different: it was telling him that Dream’s condescending tone sounded hot, and his confidence was sexy, and that running to obey his summoning would feel so good.

“Just give me a minute, okay?” George squeezed Karl’s arm apologetically, handed him his drink, then turned and walked towards Dream.

George dragged his feet, just so he wouldn’t seem too eager, and he could see something twitch in Dream’s jaw with every slow step he took.
He was annoying Dream.

George folded his arms, trying to match Dream’s irritation in his expression. “Yeah? What?”

Dream pointed down again, with a slow sigh. “My shoelace, Gogy. Tie it.”

Sure enough, his boot lacing had come undone. George was already going to be on his knees at Dream’s feet again. For a moment, he could almost smell the leather. He could almost feel it under his lips.

George swallowed hard, and scoffed, “Your shoelace, really? What are you, five?”

But George knelt. There, on his knees, in the light shining out from the glass backdoors, he tied Dream’s bootlace. George hurried to get back up, his tongue ready with more snarky comments, but Dream’s hand on his shoulder shoved him back down.

“Being a brat doesn’t change that you’re still obeying me, Gogy,” he said softly, leaning down to bring his face close to George’s. “Acting like it’s such a goddamn chore for you doesn’t change that you’re still doing it.” He smiled wickedly. “Pretending you don’t like this won’t make it go away. Keep it up, and you’ll only manage to earn yourself a good old-fashioned attitude adjustment.”

Words were lost to George for a moment. Finally, he managed, “Attitude…attitude adjustment? What the hell-“

“Keep it up and find out,” Dream straightened, taking his hand from George’s shoulder, and George scrambled to his feet. “And from now on, when I give you an order, you respond with “yes, Master,” understand?”

It took a great deal of self-control not to roll his eyes at Dream again. “You’re really pushing it…” George growled. Then, when he saw Dream’s eyebrow twitch, so he added sarcastically, “Master.”

Dream shook his head. “Keep it up, Gogy. I know you need some discipline in your life. You’ll earn it soon enough.” 

Dream entered the house, holding the door open long enough for George to slip in after him. Discipline…what the hell? George wasn’t sure what Dream meant by that, but he was suddenly, urgently determined to find out.
Dream got swept into a conversation with some friends of his, and George stood awkwardly behind Dream, trying to pretend he wasn’t really with him. Karl rejoined them, but this time, with Dream’s back turned, Karl seized George’s arm and dragged him into the kitchen.

“Okay, literally, what the hell are you doing?” he said. “You don’t have to do the goddamn dare, George. Like…I will fight him -“

“No, no, Karl, it’s okay, just…” George had no doubt Karl would fight Dream, but he didn’t need Karl to defend him like that. “Look, just…enjoy the party.. okay? Tubbo and Ranboo are here, you could-“

“Woah, woah, hold on,” his frown deepened. “Are you like…are you into this? Because literally nothing is stopping you from just not following Dream. He can’t force you to do shit but you’re, like…” Karl wrinkled his nose. “George, if this is some weird fantasy thing…” Karl shook his head. “Look, I knew you were lying when you said you weren’t into Dream. You made out with him. You were into him, okay? And that’s fine, whatever, no judgement. But just like…” He lowered his voice, as if anyone could even hear them over the party’s noise. “If you’re trying to get with him you have to let me know. Like I think it’s really weird, but…I’m not gonna cock block you.”

George’s mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water. He wasn’t “into” Dream, that was ridiculous, that was…that was…

George sighed heavily. “You don’t have to worry about me, okay? I’m just…I’m gonna try this…dare thing…”

Karl rolled his eyes, but his laughter took the edge off. “Dare thing? You mean you’re going to try the whole being-his-slave thing? That’s like…super kinky, ya’ know?”

It was, George knew it was. Every interaction he had with Dream that night had been so charged with sexual tension it was agonizing. Although, from the outside, the way they interacted with each other showed nothing but hatred. The teasing words, the humiliation, the taunting - it all added to the erotic energy building up inside George. His drive to keep escalating the situation felt desperate, and ridiculous, but George had been given a taste of something new and he had to explore it.

“Yeah, it’s…it’s weird,” George said. “I know. I can’t…I can’t really explain it.”

Karl waved his hand, and handed George back the drink he earlier left with him. “No worries, George. I’ll keep an eye out. Text me if you need me, okay?”

Karl hugged George tight before he walked away. Thank God for Karl. As opinionated as he was, he kept any judgements he passed to himself. After tonight, maybe they could both have a good laugh about it. Maybe George would file this away as just another weird experience and move on with his life as if none of it had happened. He’d forget about Dream - forget about his orders, his cocky smile, his boots…he would go back to just being George NotFound, who had his life together, who was popular and normal and not-at-all into weird kinky sex shit. George slipped back into the other room, but not before Dream noticed his absence. The friends Dream has been talking to had moved on, but Dream’s eyes were scanning around the room, and locked on George the moment they found him.

“Sorry,” George stepped up beside Dream, taking a long sip on his drink. “Had to go pee.”

“In the kitchen?” Dream said dryly. “I think you’re done with that.”

“Um, excuse me?” George glared at him in disbelief as Dream pulled George’s drink out of his hands, took a small sip, and tossed it in the trash. “What the fuck, dude? I wasn’t finished-“

“You’re finished because I say you’re finished,” Dream said softly, leaning nearer to George so he could hear him above the music and loud conversation. “I don’t want you getting drunk, Gogy.”

“What the fuck,” George stomped his foot, throwing up his arms. “Are you just trying to ruin the night for me? I can’t wander around, I can’t drink. Are you just trying to be a dick to me?”

“Aww, is poor little Gogy bored?” Dream gave George’s chin a little bump with his knuckle, and George was tempted to snap his teeth at Dream’s hand. “Go get me a beer then.”

“Ugh, fuck you!” George rolled his eyes and stomped his feet heavily as he took two steps back toward the kitchen - before Dream stopped him.

“George.”

George glared back at Dream. “What, Dream?”

“Crawl.”

George blinked rapidly. “I’m sorry, I must have misheard you. What?”

A slow, pleased smile spread across Dream’s face. “You heard me just fine, Gogy. Crawl. Crawl into the kitchen, get my beer, and crawl back. And remember your goddamn manners.”

He couldn’t be serious. He couldn’t think George would actually…actually crawl… in front of all these people…he couldn’t. His words from earlier echoed in George’s head - I know you need some discipline in your life. You’ll earn it soon enough.
If George disobeyed, would he earn that discipline Dream mentioned?

Dream leaned against the wall behind him, calm, straight-faced. “I’m waiting, Gogy. I’m awfully thirsty.”

George marched back at him and jabbed his finger against Dream’s chest - his hard, surprisingly muscular chest. “You are crazy if you think I’m gonna crawl through this goddamn party to get you a goddamn beer, in front of all these goddamn people-“

Dream caught George’s wrist, stopping his angry jabbing. “Now, now, George. You’re making a scene. You’re making even more people watch you. You’re making it that much worse for when you do, eventually, obey.”

“I’m not going to obey you, asshole-“

“Then why are you still here? I thought you could handle it?” His grip on George’s wrist was loose, gentle enough that George could have easily pulled away from Dream.

George could feel the calluses on Dream’s palms, the roughness on his fingers. He could even smell him: Dream was sweet, like a cigar, mingled with a masculine cologne that was fresh but musky. George was fixated on that smell. It was filling his head, intoxicating him. It made him want to get closer to Dream, it made him want to press his face against Dream’s chest and inhale deeply, completely envelop himself in Dream. But George couldn’t give away how intrigued he was. He couldn’t seem too eager. Just like he couldn’t obey without putting up a fuss.

“I can handle it just fine,” George muttered.

“Oh, is that so?” Dream said, his eyes narrowing. He was still so calm. His voice hadn’t gone up in volume; he hadn’t even changed his position from casually leaning against the wall. “I can’t force you to do anything, Gogy. You can easily walk away, especially since you seem to be so angry about these orders. But…you’re not walking away. You’re standing here, arguing with me. Throwing a tantrum. Trying to make me change my mind and take back my order. But I’m not taking it back. You’re going to do it, Gogy. You’re going to obey, because you want to, no matter how much you try to hide it. Go - crawl and get my beer.”

George grit his teeth, his hands balled into fists at both sides. Something squirmed inside George, a frightening and unexpected thing: it was that tight, tingling pleasure, the joy of being put in his place, the excitement of finding all his struggling to be absolutely useless. 
George didn’t want to leave. He didn’t want to walk away. He felt as if he was trying to work up the courage to pierce his own ears: George knew he wanted it. He knew it was going to hurt. He just had to do it, just stab the needle through.
He’d obey. Of course he’d obey.
George got a little closer to Dream’s face. Close enough that, for a moment, his breath stuttered in his chest.

But George’s voice was steady. “So sorry about my manners, Master. I’ll go get your beer at once, Master.” Sarcasm dripped from his voice. George couldn’t help it, and one last sassy retort fought it’s way past his lips, “Oh, yeah, and fuck you, Master.”

George didn’t want to linger around and see what came from that last sentence. With his jaw clenched tight, George dropped to his knees, then placed his palms against the floor. So many drunk, stumbling people; he’d be lucky if he didn’t get his fingers stomped on. George could imagine the weird looks he’d get, the laughter at his expense, how everyone would be looking down at him. George’s stomach knotted up and his arousal was basking in the humiliation.

Behind him, George heard that infuriating voice speak again, “Rudeness carries consequences, George. Hurry up.”

George shuffled forward, tapping at people’s legs to make them move for him. His short skirt wasn’t ideal for crawling in: bent over on his hands and knees, the hem was tugged up high enough that anyone could easily see his ass and, if they looked close enough, they would definitely be getting a peek at his dick too. 
Consequences…discipline…George knew something had to be coming. He would push and push, determined to see Dream reach the edge of his patience. There was beast in Dream, beyond the calm; it was vicious and dangerous and George wanted nothing more than to draw it out. George had seen it that day Dream had gotten expelled, when he finally pulled a knife on the assholes who had poked at him for years. That was the beast George wanted, that was the Dream he had to experience. George couldn’t fully explain the desire, not yet. But maybe once it was fulfilled, he’d understand.
George reached the cooler and knelt next to it. He was blushing, breathless, his stomach in knots. Maybe if he dunked his whole head in the cooler it would go away, or maybe it would just shock some sense into him. George plunged his hand into the cold, watery ice and pulled out a beer. The bottle was freezing cold, the glass dripping. George could hold it in his hand as he crawled…maybe grip the cap with his teeth…tuck it in his bra? How the hell was he supposed to crawl and carry his beer?

“Fuck this,” George whispered, and stood up. He snatched a bottle opener from the counter, popped the cap, and took a long, much-needed drink. The cold, bitter liquid slid down his throat and soothed his tension. 
Dream would punish him for this. George had no doubt. Whatever “consequences” and “discipline” meant to him, George was about to find out.
You know you want it. The evil little voice chuckled in George’s head. He’ll punish you for breaking the rules of the game, for being a bad, disobedient boy. He’ll punish you in front of everyone, make you cry…
George shook himself. Chills had gone over his arms at the thought, all the muscles in his lower abdomen throbbing. His own brain was turning against him. Thoughts of Dream shaking his head in disappointment, calling George a bad boy, telling him to bend over his knee-
No, no, no. Stop. Bad thoughts, bad thoughts! He’d start dripping again if he wasn’t careful.
Walking back to Dream on his own two feet, instead of crawling, felt much naughtier than it should have. Dream was right where George left him, laughing over something a girl with dyed pink hair had said to him. A surprising pang of jealousy shot through George, even though she walked away as he approached.

“I thought I gave you an order, Gogy,” Dream said, a smile playing around his mouth as George walked up beside him. “Found your feet awfully quick.”

George would have taken another swig of the beer but as Dream scolded him, George smiled, brought the bottle back to his lips, and spat the mouthful of beer back in. Then he shoved it into Dream’s hands. “Oh right, sorry. I forgot about the whole “no drinking” thing. Forgot about crawling too.” George shrugged. “Oopsie.”

Dream’s smile seemed frozen on his face. It was unnerving, and suddenly George wondered if this was really a good idea. He was upholding his end of the dare - but only barely. How long could Dream possibly tolerate this from George? Would Dream just walk away, calling the whole thing off? Or could he actually “handle George,” as he had claimed. Dream took a sip of beer and George’s stomach turned. He spat in that bottle and it didn’t even phase Dream.

“Oh, Gogy. Gogy, Gogy, Gogy. I get it. I do. And don’t worry: this’ll get handled properly.”

George frowned in complete confusion. “What…what do you get? What do you mean handled…?”

“This bratty behavior over every little order can’t continue,” Dream said, almost sadly. “Trust me, it’s funny as hell to watch you struggle with yourself and try to save your pride by cursing and acting angry, but…” he shrugged. “But it really defeats the purpose of the game. I need to see better obedience from you and, well…I think there’s only one way to get it.”

George shuffled his feet nervously. Could anyone else hear the conversation? Was anyone watching him get scolded like a naughty kid? George told himself that no one was, but the idea was still there, gnawing at his pride.

George lowered his voice, suddenly self-conscious. “Look, I’m…sorry…okay? I’m sorry. Doing this is weird and-“

“You’re doing it willingly, Gogy,” he said gently. “I’m not going to accept any of the excuses you come up with for being such a brat. I won’t tolerate that behavior.” Dream said it so sweetly, but George’s heart began to pound. Dream really meant it. He was actually going to punish George for this. George’s eyes darted around, looking for an escape…until he realized there was no escape. George wanted this. He had willingly fought with Dream every step of the way and now…he was going to let Dream punish him.

“I need you to be a good, obedient boy for me,” Dream said, as George’s eyes grew wider and his heart thumped harder, and his breath began to come in quick, shallow bursts. “That was the deal you agreed to. I think you want to be good for me, Gogy.” Dream reached out, and his fingers brushed softly, slowly, along George’s chin. His touch was cool, and goosebumps prickled up George’s back.

The crowd was shouting suggestions, from the mundane to the completely outrageous. Then Karl leaned forward and whispered in George’s ear. George smiled slyly.

“I dare you…to go inside, shove your head in the toilet, and flush it,” George said sweetly.

His smile, that oh-so-cocky grin, faltered slightly. “You’ve had plenty of practice with that already, right?”

For a second, George thought he might actually do it. Instead, Dream downed the cup and set it aside. It still had the effect George wanted regardless: Dream lost his cocky grin.

“Oh, Gogy,” he shook his head. “Gogy, Gogy, Gogy. Don’t you know that you’re supposed to grow up after high school? We’re all adults here.”
Dream tossed the ball and made it in. A dare for George too. “But I guess some of us really did peak in high school.”

“What’s your dare?” George snapped. There was no way he was losing this game - George would take whatever dare Dream gave him.

Dream didn’t even hesitate. He has just been waiting for the opportunity to say it. “Kiss my boots.”

People gasped, laughed, and whistled. Karl made a horrified noise behind George. He frowned. “So…what…just one little kiss?”

“Oh, no, no, no,” he chuckled, walking around the side of the table so George could see him fully, boots and all. “I dare you to get on your knees, get your face down to the ground, and kiss my boots for sixty seconds.”
The horror on Dream’s face brought back that cocky grin of his. “Or you can pussy out and drink.”

“Big words from someone who just refused his dare,” George shot back. But he was unfazed.

“Yes or no, George?” he said.

Now the crowd was invested. Of course they wanted to see George do it, the perverted fucks. Of all things for Dream to choose, he’d gone straight for something humiliating - not that George had chosen any differently.

“Fine. Sixty seconds.”

The crowd burst into cheers. Karl
was muttering protests behind George, stunned that he was actually going to do it. George walked around the table, heart pounding as Dream stood before him, arms folded. As he got closer, he remembered how tall Dream was. He could look down at George even in his heels, and as George sunk to his knees in the grass, Dream loomed over George like a creepy dead-eyed specter.

George glanced up, and Dream smirked down at him. “You look a lot better on your knees, George.” he said softly, soft enough that George didn’t think anyone else could have heard him over the music.

“Enjoying your revenge?” George hissed.

Dream laughed, shaking his head. “It’s just a dare, Gogy. It’s a game.”

It wasn’t just a game. It was more than that. This was payback for every time George laughed at him, every time he had whispered about Dream behind his back. Payback for the kiss that had gotten Dream attacked and expelled. 
George wasn’t going to let Dream see him blush…but the heat in George’s face had become a wildfire, overtaking every inch of his skin. George was certain that even his toes were blushing. He lowered his head…bent low…ass up. His skirt hitched up, and the cold night air brushed against his cheeks. Cheers burst out, whistles and catcalls - if George was going to get attention, he figured that he should be hot while he did it. 
He’d make Dream wish he could have more of him.
Dream’s boots were shiny, as if they had just been polished. The leather was worn, with cracks and wrinkles around the ankle and where his laces were pulled tight. As George got closer he could smell the leather itself, rich and slightly sweet. The smell rushed in George’s nose and awakened something in him, a strange feeling he couldn’t quite name. He inhaled again, deeply, filling his head with the scent. 

George kissed the toe of Dream’s boot, eliciting more cheers from the crowd. The leather felt smooth under his lips. He kissed it again, then switched and kissed the other. Sixty seconds…only sixty seconds…that would go by quickly, right? George touched his lips to them lightly, but even so, his pale lipgloss left the imprint of his kisses behind. The marks would remain there, likely for the rest of the night, a constant reminder of what he had done. The heat that had been rising in George’s cheeks became a blaze and the position he’d chosen to put himself in was causing his tight thong to press even tighter against his intimate parts. George was suddenly, horrifyingly aware that he was having a reaction to this that he hadn’t expected.
George was getting horny. His dick felt so warm as if it was blushing too. Shit, shit, shit! Surely it wouldn’t show through his thong, but the thought that someone might see a damp spot when he was in this humiliating position made his blush go cold with horror. 
Why was this turning him on?
George kissed up the toe, until he reached the curve of Dream’s ankle. He kissed there, too, where the leather was worn. George wondered what it would be like to run his tongue over it, to feel the texture of the leather, to savor it, just once.
It was the longest minute of George’s life. He had never done something so blatantly degrading. George had expected to feel his embarrassment turn thick and settle in his stomach, twisted like rotten food and leave him feeling ill. Instead, that feeling of embarrassment was turning into lust, and suddenly George was thinking about Dream pressing the sole of his boot down on his face. He was thinking of Dream crushing him into the grass, laughing at him, calling him a dirty whore for daring to like it -

“Sixty seconds!” Sapnap yelled out the count, to the sound of more cheers and whistles. George got up, feeling dizzy, and turned away as quickly as he could. He didn’t want to see Dream’s smug, victorious face. 
George went back to his side of the table, chin up, and tried to act as if nothing unusual had happened. Karl was watching him, wide-eyed.

“Was it that bad?” George said softly, taking his drink as Karl offered it and guzzling the alcohol down.

“Well…I mean…it was uh…” he shrugged, brushing it off. “It was just a dare. And you looked hot as fuck doing it. But… you’re really red.”

George nodded quickly. If he could have willed his blush away, he would have. Instead it remained, his very own scarlet letter branded over every inch of him. 

Steadying his breath, George turned back to his opponent. “What the fuck are you smirking for?” He demanded.

Dream looked pleased. Far too pleased.
“Was it worth not losing the cup?” he said.

George readied his aim. “Of course it was. I don’t plan to lose, Dream.” George sunk his cup and he drank again, but he’d claimed a victory and they both knew it.
They traded cups, back and forth. Dream did his next dare, taking a raw egg shot effortlessly when George was hoping to see him gag on it. Dream took more of George’s cups without dares, so George drank them down. It was just cheap beer, so his buzz was subtle even as he got down to only 4 cups remaining.

“Looks like you might be losing, Gogy.” Dream chuckled, shaking his head. “Unless you really like doing dares.”

“I don’t lose,” George said, his voice dripping with fake sweetness. While he was distracted with Dream’s taunts, Dream bounced the ball and made it in, and the crowd gasped at George’s bad luck. Two cups for one, both of them dares. George sighed, closing his eyes to mask his frustration.

“Just give me the dare,” he groaned, certain that Dream was going to come up with something evil. Someone handed Dream a mixed drink that he took a long sip of, and that got on George’s nerves. Why did people like him? Why had everyone decided to suddenly be nice to the freak?

“It’s for two cups,” Dream said warningly. “You know it’s going to be a hard one.”

“You don’t scare me, Dream.”

A lie - Dream did scare him. With one white eye, that confident grin, and George’s kiss marks on his boots, he seemed like he held all the power. Even worse: every time George looked at him and found him staring back, George felt a warm rush in his belly and tingles up his back.
Dream was turning him on. Just standing there, he was turning him on, and that scared George.

“I like that thong you’re wearing,” Dream said musingly, pacing a little as if in thought. George’s stomach twisted up into a knot. “I saw it while you were down on your knees. Real cute choice to wear under a short skirt.”

George rolled his eyes. He wasn’t ashamed of the fact that crowd has already seen his underwear; He’d always gotten enjoyment out of showing off, knowing they desired him but couldn’t have him. But George had a feeling he knew what Dream was going to dare him to do, and he already didn’t like it.

“Take your thong off,” he said. “And give it to me.”

Cheers and whistles immediately sounded. They attracted a sizeable crowd. People from George’s old cheerleading squad were there, people George knew for years. All watching, waiting, sipping their drinks.
If George hesitated too long, he’d overthink it. He was not going to lose, not to Dream. George reached up under his skirt and yanked down hid thong. As he did, he could feel his arousal clinging to the fabric. Even glancing at them briefly, George noticed that there was a spot of wetness on the cloth that would betray all his prideful posturing the second Dream looked at it.
Someone howled their approval. Phones were out, recording. This would be all over social media in the morning. But George put on his best sarcastic smile and twirled the panties around his finger.

“Are these what you want, Dream?” He said. “Hmm?”

Dream held out his hand expectantly. So damn cocky, as if it was no surprise to him that George took the dare, no surprise that he was giving him exactly what he wanted without hesitation. Before George could think himself out of it, he balled up the thong and threw it over, chucking it aggressively. 

Dream caught it, smirked, and held it spread between two fingers. “Thanks for the trophy.”

“You fucking perv,” George tried to sound disgusted, but his voice came out too high and shaky to be convincing. To his horror, George saw Dream’s eyes linger on the gusset and spot the dampness. As his gaze slid back up to George, there was a fire in his eyes.
George braced himself, expecting Dream to announce it, and add more fuel to the humiliation bonfire. But Dream just shoved the thong into his pocket with a victorious smile. 

“Your move,” he said.

Standing there in his short skirt with no panties proved to be a significant distraction to George’s game. Every breath of wind kissed up under his skirt and slid over his dick, cold and shocking against his wet tip. Yes, wet. Embarrassingly wet. George tried not to think about it, tried not to let his mind linger on the peak of white fabric poking out of Dream’s pocket. 
George squeezed his legs together, worried that he was going to drip down his thighs. The moment George let his mind wander back to how embarrassing this all was, it only got worse. What was wrong with him? He was literally being degraded in front of friends and strangers, and he liked it. Dream was certainly enjoying himself; everyone could see it all over his face. George wondered how long Dream thought about humiliating him, if he fantasized about making George squirm, making his cheeks turn red and his voice shake. George wondered if it was turning Dream on too.
George took another of Dream’s cups, and Dream took two more of George’s. Sapnap declared house rules to be that if a dare had already been used to keep a cup, if the ball went in again there wouldn’t be a second dare. Since George already used his last dare to save two cups, those two swiftly went off the table. 
Dream’s aim was annoyingly good. He got a third cup from George, and George clenched his fists as he waited for Dream’s dare. What else could he possibly ask of George?

He pulled George’s thong out of his pocket. “Take your next shot, with this in your mouth.”

Shocked gasps and howls went up from the bystanders. Some were disgusted, some intrigued. Their phones were still out.

George snatched up the cup, chugged it down, and threw it furiously aside.
“Fuck you,” George jabbed his finger at Dream. “Fuck. You.”

Dream shrugged, and tucked George’s underwear back into his pocket. “Relax, George. It’s just part of the game.”

Part of him wanted to continue shouting at Dream. But he was losing and doing that would make him look even worse. 
George drank down the cup as quickly as he could because if he hadn’t…if he allowed himself to consider Dream’s dare for even a moment…He might have done it.
George imagined stuffing his own panties into his mouth at Dream’s command, then standing there drooling and gagged in front of everyone. He squeezed his legs together tighter. Maybe he was only paranoid, but George was certain that Dream could tell this was turning him on: there was a little too much humor in his crooked smile.
George was down to only one cup. He took one of Dream’s, then another. Dream would have only one cup remaining if he didn’t take George’s dare, and they would be tied. The game was far too close for comfort. People were shouting obscene dare suggestions, but George already knew what he wanted.

“I dare you to give me back my thong,” He said tightly.

Dream looked at him skeptically. “You sure you don’t want to come up with something else?” Dream said.

But George was determined. “No. I dare you to give it back.”

It was a weak dare, but George couldn’t bear standing there feeling so naked. It was too distracting to see the lace peeking out of Dream’s pocket, and there was no way George was giving Dream the satisfaction of getting to take it home with him.
Dream drank. He drank the damn cup rather than give George his thong back.

“Your turn,” Dream said, smiling at George’s shock. Softer, but no less confident, he added “You’re gonna lose. Better get it over with.”

They were tied. George couldn’t lose, not now! Not after all his smirking and smug looks; He would never live this night down. George carefully took his aim, shot - missed. He glanced back at Karl, and found him watching in horror, hand over his mouth. He thought George was going to lose.
After that miss, George thought he was about to lose, too.
Dream took aim. The crowd was waiting with bated breath. George needed a drink, two drinks, a shot. He needed his thong back, because he couldn’t separate his legs without feeling the dampness of his arousal. 
The ball flew through the air - and plopped effortlessly into the cup. The onlookers cheered, certain victory was Dream’s even before George’s rebuttal. George tried to concentrate, tried to take his time with careful aim…but then Dream reached down and toyed with the edge of George’s thong, caressing the fabric between his fingers. George’s aim was off, way off.
He lost.
George squeezed his eyes shut, holding back a growl of frustration. Drunken Sapnap picked Dream up in a bear hug, holding him aloft as if he’d just won the Super Bowl. People gathered closer, congratulating his victory, holding up their phones and replaying videos they got of George on his knees. God dammit, George was screwed. His social standing had just been drop-kicked. He stomped off, and Karl quickly latched himself reassuringly to George’s side. George was ready to lose himself in a drunken stupor and forget this annoying game.

“Gogy! George!”

George turned back, jaw clenched. Dream was motioning him back. “You still have a dare, Gogy.”

He was right: George’s final cup had DARE written on the side. But what kind of dare was he going to give George that meant potentially losing his victory? It would be horrible, George just knew it. He would choose something George would have to refuse.

“Fine,” George came back to the table slowly, arms folded. He didn’t even want to hear it. “What is it?”

Dream paused before he answered, and he did it just to watch George squirm. George tried to keep still, but his dick was still slowly dripping, and he could feel it on his thighs. Just having Dream look at him like that - as if George was insignificant - made him want to curl himself back down onto his knees.

“I’m going to give you another rebuttal,” Dream said. “If you make it, you win, instantly. But if you don’t…and you lose…you have to be my slave for the rest of the night.”

George’s heart was pounding, and he masked how intrigued he was with anger. “What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Your slave?”

“You do whatever I order you to, for the rest of the night or until you go home. Any and every order, you do it. No avoiding me. If you agree, you stick by my side.”

Fuck him. Fuck him and his stupid dare. Fuck this crowd and how invested they were in seeing George brought down. And fuck his dick for betraying him every step of the way and making him horny over all this. George had to refuse. 
Something in George was telling him that he’d lose, that he’d lose and he’d like it. He couldn’t even let himself consider it.

“What happened to all that competitive spirit, Gogy?” Dream pouted mockingly as George wrestled with himself. Potential social destruction…or a chance to redeem himself. “Are you intimidated? A little scared of losing now?”

George snatched up the ball. Fury, intrigue, and horniness were creating a concoction inside of him that made his brain feel like mush and set his skin on fire.
Throw the shot, said an evil little voice in George’s head. You know you don’t really want to win. You want to do that dare. You want to get on your knees for him again.
His hands were shaking, time around him was slowing. The only thing in focus was Dream. Dream with his one white eye, his cocky grin, and George’s lip marks on his boots. Dream, waiting and watching. Dream, knowing he won.

George’s ball landed in the grass. Karl swore up a storm behind George and immediately called to him, “Come on, George, just forget it!”

But he couldn’t. Dream curled his finger at George, motioning to him as the next group of players crowded onto the table.

“How does it feel to be a loser?” Dream said softly, as George came to his side, arms folded, refusing to meet his eyes. 

His words dug into George, that smooth condescending tone sliding slimily over his skin. Dream had gotten to George, he had actually gotten to him…
And the worst part was…George enjoyed it.

Later i lay in my bed, scrolling through photos on my phone and stop on one in particular. 
Sapnap and Karl grinning at eachother like idiots, Quackity in between them, fuming about being too short. 
I smile, but it fades. The good old days, we all used to be so innocent, only a year ago. 
Patches, my delightful little cat, jumps up onto my bed, nuzzling my hand. I turn off my phone, enough of that, and pick her up, kissing her head. 
I hear a loud knock on my door, followed by a shout, “CLAY!” “what is is-” i reply before the door bursts open, and my sister, with her shoulder length dirty blond hair bouncing as she bounds onto my bed. 
“yes?” i say tilting my head. ” i just,” she smiles slyly, “wanted to hang out, with my big brother,” 
I laugh, knowing thats not it. I just lean back, studying my finger nails, “uhuh” i say incredulously. 
“FINE, do’ya have any candy? you owe me-” she says, her grin looking almost stupid. 
“ah there it is, not anymore” i say rolling my eyes. “well can’ya get some?!” she says heading to the door. 
“this weekend drista, this weekend. leaving so early?” i say, wanting some company. 
“you wish. dinners ready idiot.” and with that she darts away.

The table is hard against the side of my face. “george. eat your food.” my mom says, sipping her water. “mmmkay mom. i’ll do just that…” i say, slowly lifting my head to stare blankly at my food. “what is it? you usually… inhale your food.” she says, looking confused. “i dunno, guess im sleepy…” i say, taking a bite. i know thats not it. after i finish, i slowly drag my feet up to my room, as i enter i immediately flop down on my bed, groaning. my mother appears in the doorway again, “you’re sure you’re good-?” I grunt, not lifting my head. “alright sweetie… i’ll leave ya…” she says as she pats my head, then closing the door quietly. i sigh and roll off my bed onto the floor. “what is wrong with me?”  i crawl to my window, peeking under the blinds at the street below. “nah, its still dusk…”Not yet an appropriate time for my mom to be asleep. My window has perfect access to the roof, but my mother doesn’t allow it, that’s why i do it anyways… when she’s asleep. its peaceful up there, no eyes peering at me, no- clay….” i sigh, why does he make me so nervous? I hear my mom close her door, finally, and know its my time. 
My whole body was shaking. I had my eyes locked on the phone in my brothers hand. I was trying my hardest to speak, say anything at all, but I couldn’t. My mind was blank. I had no thoughts other than my conscience talking to me.

Run, you’ve already messed up.

I know, I fucked up, but I can’t just leave.

Yes, you can. Escalating the situation isn’t going to help.

You’re saying I’m going to make this even worse for myself, correct?

That is what I’m saying, yes. Listen to me, when have I steered you wrong?

Not many times. I just don’t want to hurt him more than I have. 

Fair enough.

I rubbed my eyes, trying my best not to cry though my face was expressionless. I went out the door, slamming it on accident this time. I basically ran into the elevator, my feet carrying me.

No one was in sight, so when I entered the elevator I clicked the button that would take me to the highest level. I didn’t need to be there, but I needed an excuse since I was on the verge of crying. My vision blurred and tears escaped.

I knew most of the residents in the building and none of them usually left the building during this time, so I was alone. I pushed my back against the wall, crying my eyes out. Not like I could control myself.

My brain and my heart never agreed, so I always had a problem answering others usingg the right one at the right time. The elevator doors opened on the requested level and I pressed the bottom floor, barely moving from where I was.

Someones hand stuck there way through the door, stoping it from closing. The hand had pink and white nail polish painted on its fingers, the sleeve of the jumper they were wearing being a pretty olive green. 

They yanked there hand away, someone who sounded familiar whisper yelling at them about it. Then a black bag was thrown into the elevator. I heard violently loud footsteps and murmuring, the door closing once again as whoever it were left. 

“What the honk?” I mumbled, grabbing the bag carefully. I started going through the bags contents, checking what the people were trying to give away. 

There was a photograph of George, Luca and I on our balcony, the sun setting in the far distance. The photo was taken from behind meaning someone else had taken it. I don’t remember asking anyone to take this. 

Bunches of nail polish paints especially of light pastel colors. Pink and white polishes like the person had on layed along in the package. There was a beanie which reminded me of the one Alex wore on his head almost all the time. 

There was also a shirt. Red and white except the red went from the collars and sleeves. Seeing the item cheered me up. “Peculiar sense of fashion, Innit.” 

That wasn’t all. A small white lighter with a cute pixelated fire logo imprinted onto the sides and a small minecraft bee plush were under some of the other items including what looked like a pair of familiar round glasses. “Harry Potter much?”

-

The package of goods had really made my day a thousand times better, so I left for the cafe as soon as the elevator reached floor one. I walked into the cafe, seeing the barista man as he walked out the staff doors. 

He slightly smiled and rubbed his face, sliding his phone away. I awkwardly smiled, noticing that he seemed kind of confused to see me. I shrugged and sat at the paino that they had on the small stage.

-

“Hey, miss. You can start the show now, if its fine with you.” Finn said. Two minutes had passed since I came, so I guess I should. 

“Sure. Please, call me Charlie.” I told him.

He nodded and left for the counter again, but he turned halfway. “Can I ask why? If there is any reason, that is?” 

“One of my best friends lives overseas and you sound like him. Between the distance and not being able to do as many things with him, I just wish he were here sometimes.”

“Oh. Then no problem.” He walked over to the counter and took an elderly lesbian couples order.

I put my hands on the paino keys, the sun setting into the abyss. 

“Hello, everyone.” I faced the small crowd of satisfied customers, a family of seven and a group of teenage girls along with some others. 

“I will be tonight’s cafe entertainment, so if you would like to suggest any songs after this first one, please do. This first song goes out to my best friend who lives overseas in Florida.”

Some people in the crowd clapped or cheered. “One last thing, I will be performing here for the next month or so. If you enjoy our services, make sure to come again because I know I will.” 

Hey there, Delilah 

What’s it like in New York City?

Thousands of miles apart

But, hey tonight you look so pretty

Yes, you do

Times Square doesn’t shine as bright as you do

I swear its true

Hey there, Delilah 

Don’t you worry about the distance 

I’m right there if you get lonely, call me and give me a listen

Close your eyes 

Listen to my voice, it’s my disguise 

I’m at your side

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

What you do to me

Hey there, Delilah 

I know times can be hard

But just believe me Delilah 

Someday I’ll pay the bills with this guitar 

You’ll have it good

The life you know you should

My word is good

Hey there, Delilah 

I got so much left to say

If every simple song I wrote to you, take your breath away

I’d write it all

Maybe more in love with me you’d fall 

We’d have it all

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

Oh, it’s what you do to me 

What you do to me

I finished off the song. “Thank you. Any recommendations?”

“Do you by any chance know the Artic Monkeys?” I looked to see Clay washing a mug while speaking. 

“Yes, I absolutely love them.”

“How about Why’d You Only Ever Call Me When You’re High?” 

“Sure.”

I started the next song, forgetting all my worries as I engulfed in the rhythm of the music. My eyes were closed, I was relaxed until I heard another voice openly singing. It must’ve been Finn though it sounded like someone else I wanted it to be. 

Dream?


Guess who’ll be able to finally drink legally in a week? Well, you don’t really have to guess, it’s pretty obvious that it’s not you. I’m joking, but soon I’ll be able to drink unhealthy substances with Georges consent.


Yes, I could have drank legally last year, but one, I didn’t really feel like it and two, the most of our family didn’t really agree with the idea of letting someone like me have liquor or even wine…or beer. George is being as loud as possible again. 

I can’t really do anything about it, so I’m just waiting for him to finish up his stream. We’re going to the store to get each other presents. His birthday is in two days and I honestly can’t wait because I have the best birthday present for him. 

There was a dead silence. That was strange enough, if George was even barely talking I’d be able to hear him since his room was to the right of mine. There was a thudding noise, the sound of a door opening and closing. 

I figured he must’ve ended his stream, so I slid on the biggest, most over sized jumper I had and left the room, but not before throwing the hood over my head and I headed to George’s room to see if he was still in his bedroom. 

I picked up my phone and looked at myself in the mirror, seeing that with the hood over my head, you’d not be able to see my face at all. I knocked at George’s closed door, but there was one response, so like any sane person who has a sibling would do, I opened the door. 

One of my headphones was in my ear and the other in my massive jumper pocket. I started walking around his room, staring down at my phone, not wanting to miss a minute of my favorite show. 

“George! Georgie! Ugh, George!” I yelled for my brother multiple times, the whole of my surroundings being completely silent except for the sound of what I was watching playing into my left ear. 

I shrugged my shoulders and walked back towards the doorway, seeing George standing there with a blank look on his face. “What the bloody hell, Charlie!” 

He ran over to his set up and started pressing some buttons on his keyboard, staring at the monitor. I took my headphones and put them away into my ever ending hole called a pocket. Not whatever hole you were thinking of. 

“Why are you freaking out? I didn’t touch any of your stuff, so don’t worry about it. Don’t worry about it, sweetheart.” I joked before stepping a small bit closer to him. George looked at me, averting his eyes from his computer. 

“Listen to this, Charlie.” He shoved his headset towards me and I quickly put it on. Automatically, my head was filled up with thousands of different voices. 

Dream: “George? Who was that? George, there was just some girl in your room. Hello?”

SapNap: “I think George has a girlfriend.”

BadBoyHalo: “He wouldn’t keep her a secret from his friends, would he?”

Dream: “I think she might might be listening to us right now. I’m on his stream and he’s staring too the side.”

SapNap: “Yeah no shit sherlock, he said Charlie and then handed someone his headphones.”

Dream: “Hello? Is there anyone there? Charlie?” 

I was frozen from both being extremely nervous and kind of excited at the same time. I didn’t really know what to do, but I managed to collect my voice after quietly clearing my throat. 

“Hello?” My raspy voice sounded slightly irritated, but that was just how I always was. 

SapNap: “Oh my gosh, it’s a girl.” 

BadBoyHalo: “Are you a friend of Georges?”

SapNap: “No, it’s definitely his girlfriend.”

Dream: “Sap, stop. What if she’s related to him?”

BadBoyHalo: “Are you still there, Charlie?” 

SapNap: “I mean, if she was related to him, they could still technically-.”

I handed the headset back to George, my heart racing. I regret leaving my room for once. Life is such an annoyance sometimes. It can be such a bit-

“Bye, everyone. I’ll explain all of this later.” He clicked off his stream after waving his hand vigorously at the face camera. I stood there, my freckly face, blanched. “What have you done?”

“This is a joke, right? You’re joking. You must be. There is no other explanation for this. Right? George, please tell me that I’m right. This is all just a funny little jo-.”

George pressed his hand on my mouth to make me stop rambling on and on until I couldn’t speak anymore. You could hear my muffled mumbling for quite a while, but I eventually gave up. “I need you tell me exactly what happened.”

“I walked in, stood right next to your bed that spot that is directly from your face camera. I starting yelling your name over and over again, but I didn’t hear any answer back. I didn’t realize you were streaming since I was too invested in my show.”

I scrambled to take my headphones out of my pocket as if to show him the proof he might’ve needed to believe me. George slowly lowered my hand and sat me down on his bed. 

“Everyone has gone completely bonkers. My phone is practically blowing up with all the notifications, Charlie. Literally everyone is wondering who the heck you are and why you walked into my room.” 

I didn’t like it when I was getting yelled at or told off. I tried distracting myself from the guilt by staring out the window and out to see the lively rain in action, falling fast in the outdoors. 

George turned my face towards his, making me look him right in the eye. “Don’t try and ignore me.”

“George, I don’t-.”

“People keep confusing you as my girlfriend, Charlie.” George stated after cutting me off. “I don’t want to be associated to you like that- that’s disgusting.”

I sighed. As much as I didn’t want him to be right, he was. “Fair enough. I’ll meet your fans without showing my face, that is all.”

Quickly, I jumped off the bed, but I was yanked back down. 

“No it’s not all.” He looked at me with a serious look on his face. I could tell he was slightly stressed. 

“What else? I’m very busy, I have a meeting planned with my pillow and mattress.” I crossed my legs, sitting back on the bed as I watched George his phone out of his pockets. 

He started going through something, his lips pressed together in a thin line. His focusing face. “My friends, they’re asking to meet you. Speaking to them just caused a larger problem for both me and you, Vi.” 

George used my middle name. He hadn’t done that in ages. The last time he needed a small favor from me, was the last time I remember him calling me by my middle name. That was more than a year ago. 

He stood up straight and showed me the messages being sent to him in his friend groups discord chat room. He responded to them while I gathered both my phone and headphones to leave the room. 

“How many people?” I took one of my headphones and placed it into my left ear, playing one of the songs I liked listening to daily, ‘Sweater Weather’. 

“All three of them. I was streaming with them and we were about to start thinking of this new idea Dream had called man…hunt- something like that.”

“Why did you leave your room then?” I questioned, curious on how I had gotten into this situation.

“The post man came and I got a call from the front desk asking if it was my package, but it turns out some kid had ordered legos and they had gotten shipped to the wrong address. When I got off the phone, I heard you yelling. I thought since I could clearly hear you, then all my viewers would too. As soon as I walked up to the room, I saw you standing there. Unluckily for you, my friends were still in the call.”

“I’ll do it, but I’m not showing them my face.” I went over to the brunettes desk and looked at all his stuff, only to find that I had left my glasses in his room. 

I took them off the desk and pinned them to my face, looking back at George to see what he was doing. 

He narrowed his eyes and looked at mine. “I forgot that your eyes were dirty yellow.” I rolled my eyes. 

“They’re not, you colorblind bastard. My eyes are green.” I left the room and went to my own, George following closely behind, but stopping before walking in. I plopped myself onto my bed. 

“What do you want for lunch?” He shoved his phone into his back pocket and rested himself against the door frame. 

“I’m taking a nap for the next two hours. When I wake up I’ll meet those minecrafter friends of yours.” I turned the volume on my headphones down lower, getting more comfortable.

George sighed at me and left the room, slamming his own door behind him. I never understood why George spent so much of his time playing games with his friends. When he wasn’t gaming with them, he’d go on and on about what they did the last time they played. 

He’s always told me how fun they were and how they would love to meet me, so I should meet them someday. What if he isn’t entirely wrong? Maybe this isn’t such a terrible idea and I’ll make some friends in the process. 

I must be kidding myself.

My theatre was finally full and complete. It was made of bricks for both the outer and inner walls with long rectangular Windows that had gray glass. The inside structure had dark oak and spruce wood striped floors. The roof was made of the same woods.


Next to the building, I made a fishing pond and horse stables with boats instead of horses. There was sweet berry decorations and chained lanterns hanging from the ceiling. The stage had a spiraling staircase. Dream helped me out with that bit since I couldn’t figure it out.

There was a platform hanging just above the stage for me to stand on whilst hosting the show. There was different colored carpeted seats for everyone. I stood on the stage, glancing around once more while waiting for everyone who could make it to join to discord call. 

<WilburSoot> Should we all come now if you’re finished?

<CharlieNotLost> Yes, I’m completely done, so you can come whenever, but I prefer it to be sooner than later. 

<TommyInnit> We all should join the discord call, right?

<CharlieNotLost> Yeah and if any of you would like to stream this, feel free. I’ll be streaming as well.

<Tubbo> Where is this place again?

<CharlieNotLost> I’ll send the coordinates in discord. 

“Good, they will be arriving shortly, chat.” I said, watching Dreams bright lime skin run through the double doors and move around before looking at me. 

*Dream Joins Vc3* 

Dream: “Wow, this place is actually nice.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” 

Dream: “You put effort into something for once in your life, be proud.”

“I hate you.”

Dream: “Yet, you never deny it.”

*Quackity Joins Vc3*

Quackity: “Hi.”

“Hello, Q. Where are you?”

Quackity: “I’m almost there, so I thought I’d make it easier for myself and join.”

“I never knew you could be smart.”

Quackity: “Fuck off.”

“Dream! What the honk are you doing?”

Dream: “Holding my flint.”

Quackity: “Dude, don’t do that.”

“That’s fucked up, kid.”

Dream: “I am not a kid.”

“Then who is?”

*TommyInnit*

I laughed at the universe annoyingly and hilariously perfect timing. “Speaking of the man himself. Look who joined, chat.”

Tommy: “You’re lucky I’m here.”

Quackity: “Wha- (laughs). I like how he joins after we mention children.” 

Dream: “Does this mean you admit to being a child?”

“I- You know the next time we add someone on the server, I need them to be even the slightest bit younger than me.”

“No one can possibly be younger than you, you’re too much of a child.”

*Tubbo Joins Vc3*

Tubbo: “Hello.”

“Hello.”

Tommy: “I can’t find you’re theatre.”

“Oh sorry, Tommy. I’ll resend the coordinates.”

Dream: “I don’t understand how you two can fight all day long and still talk like nothing happened.”

“Shush it. It’s called siblings.”

Tommy: “Oh, please. Like I’d ever be related to you.”

“Says the child who’s adopted.”

Tubbo: “Said by his own mother.”

Quackity: “Tommy, she got you there.”

Tommy: “Fuck you, bitch.”

*GeorgeNotFound Joins Vc3*

George: “Charlie, I’m going to stream.”

“Sure, feel free to do it whenever.”

Quackity: “In that case.”

*KarlJacobs Joins Vc3*

“Hey, Karlos.

Karl: “Hello. Charlie, what are we doing? I’m a little bit behind because-.”

*SapNap Joins Vc3*

Quackity: “And there’s your reason for being behind.” 

SapNap: “Huh?” 

*Ranboo & WilburSoot Join Vc3*

Ranboo: “Hey, guys. Sorry if I’m late. Tubbo, that’s not the way.”

Tubbo: “Look it is.” 

Ranboo: “That says sixty three, not sixty eight.”

Tubbo: “Oh.”

Tommy: “Stop it, Wilbur. You’re going to kill me!”

Wilbur: “It’s not my fault if you die.”

Tommy: “Then who’s fault is it?”

“Okay, can you two just peacefully walk over here-?”

<WilburSoot was slain by TommyInnit>

TommyInnit: “That’s unfortunate.”

<TommyInnit fell from a high place>

Wilbur: “Karma.”

Karl: “Tommy how could you possibly die?”

Tommy: “I was on half a heart and I killed Will, but he pushed me off a cliff.” 

“Can we focus on killing each other later. Hurry it up and get over here.”

-

Dream: “Is everyone here?”

“What a dumb question, Dreamy.”

Tubbo: “Did you just call the man, Dreamy?”

“I wouldn’t be calling him that if I had actually seen his face.” 

Tommy: “Britishers, one. Americans, zero.”

SapNap: “Shut up, Tommy.”

Karl: “What are we doing?”

“This is my game show and you all are the puppets forced to play.”

George: “Are you going to play, too?”

“Well, duh. What’s the fun if I’m not playing.”

Tommy: “I call the red seat!”

Ranboo: “Uh, I’ll take the leftover seat-.”

Tubbo: “No, you’re sitting with me.”

“Okay, now that everyone has…that, we’re going to start on our first game. I have a torture wheel. I’ll spin it twice and whoever it lands on will have to do a improv act that this generator picks. When it’s my turn…Tubbo & Wilbur can pick what I do.”

Wilbur: “Alright then.”

Tommy: “Charlie, I think you chose the wrong people.”

“No I didn’t, Thomas. I’m starting the game and spinning the wheel.”

Tommy: “Don’t-.”

“First person we have is Karl!”

Karl: “That’s me! Hello!”

“Come onto the stage.”

Dream: “The other person is SapNap.”

“You’ll be playing-.” I burst out into an obnoxiously loud laugh. “Oh my lord…I can’t- one second…” I was out of breath by now. “Karl-.”

Dream laughed. “It really says…Okay, wait- I need to calm down.” 

Wilbur: “How do you know what it says?”

“It’s a multiple use-.” He was wheezing. “Stop-…Why the fuck did you put this in here?”

Quackity: “Can someone tell us what’s going on!?”

“If you insist…” I chuckled a little more after rereading the generator. “I’m sending it in the groupchat.”

Everyone was laughing their asses off. Well, all were except for the two victims, I mean actors who had to perform the scene. Okay, to be fair, Karl was actually trying to muffle his giggles. 

SapNap: “Can we pass this one?” 

“No, I wanna see this.”

Ranboo: “I thought this was going to be a family friendly game show.”

Tubbo: “Then you signed up for the wrong thing.”

“Jesus, both of you on the stage right now.”

Wilbur: “Atleast put like a disclaimer or something- I don’t think this is legal.” 

Quackity: “Yeah, wait let me do that.”

“I swear, one of us is going to get banned today.”

George: “Might as well be you since it’s your first stream.”

SapNap: “I’ll be the end of your careers.”

“The end of my career before it even started-.” I laughed. 

-

SapNap: “That was fucked up.”

“You agreed to being here-.”

SapNap: “Only because-.”

“Don’t say another word or-.”

SapNap: “Yeah, I get it.”

“If you cut me off one more-.”

SapNap: “Fuck you.”

“Now our deal is up.

SapNap: “Hey, that’s not fair!”

“I tried warning you.”

Tommy: “What was the deal?”

SapNap: “She agreed to letting me see her face if I came here.”

“You can leave if you’d like.”

Tubbo: “You would actually do that?”

“I’ve got nothing to hide, really.”

Wilbur: “That sucks for you, Sap.”

Tommy: “Not for us though. We know what Charlie’s face look likes.”

“Ten bucks your puffing out your chest on stream.”

Tubbo: “He was. How’d you know?”

“He’s Tommy.”

Dream: “Can we move on?”

SapNap: “Is someone grumpy because he wasn’t going to see her face?”

“Karl, you can see my face.”

Karl: “Really?”

SapNap: “That’s even more unfair!”

“Fine, we’ll do a JackBox stream another time, whoever wins gets to see my face.”

Quackity: “You’re going down, SapNap.”

Dream: “Can I spin this time?”

“Yeah, sure. We wouldn’t want my luck to make something like that happen. Again.”

Dream: “It’s Tubbo and Wilbur!”

Tubbo: “Will that happen to me?”

“No…Don’t worry. Your Tubbo, so your safe.”

Tommy: “Plus, he’s a minor.”

Dream: “You’ll be playing a random guy, crossing the street in your boat. Wilbur…you’re drunk?” 

Wilbur: “Thank the lords.”

-

“It’s time for the last wheel spin of the day before we play the next game.” 

Dream: “Who’s spinning?”

“George can, I guess. If he gets me than I can easily go smack him.” 

George: “Haha, yeah about that. It sort of-.”

“I can see it, George. Just spin for the second person while I come to hit you.”

George: “She’s joking. Wait…Charlie, there are live witnesses! Don’t you dare- Ow!”

“Stop being such a big baby. Who else did you get?” 

George: “I got Dream for the second go.”

Wilbur: “So me and Tubbo get to choose what you do?”

“Should I drive outer to your office and smack you in the head as well, or do you understand now?”

Wilbur: “I understand.” 

Tubbo: “Dream and Charlie, could you get on the stage?”

Dream: “Okay, I’m back. What were you saying?”

Wilbur: “Get on the stage.”

Dream went up the circling steps and onto the center of the stage. I jumped down from my post on the platform. 

“What exactly do we have to do?”

Tubbo: “Everyone huddle up! We all can decide together.”

Everyone crouched into a circle on the floor and joined a different voice call. Me and Dream stared at each other. I jumped and he crouched, but I accidentally hit him. He started slowly crouching away as if he were sad, so I threw a flower at him. He turned back around and nodded at me.

Wilbur: “We have made a conclusion!”

Tubbo: “Do you want to say it?”

Wilbur: “We can take turns taking like we are now.”

Tubbo: “That’s going to take way too long, they might leave in that time.”

“Sadly, it’s true. I can’t leave though, I have a George guarding me.”

Tubbo: “You can explain it them, Will.”

Wilbur: “Dream will play a barista and Charlie has to play an instrument and sing a song at the place where he works. We’re all the cutomers.”

Tubbo: “What instruments do you play?”

“The guitar, electric guitar, saxophone, piano and the drums.” 

Wilbur: “Oh…impressive. Pick a random song and sit on this chair we made.”

I moved my character to the small chair the others had put on the stage. “Let me grab my guitar then.” I moved my microphone around until it was between my face and where my guitar would be. “Okay, I’m ready.”

Tubbo: “Dream, stand behind the counter.”

I placed a door down and pretended to walk into a cafe. “Hi, I’m here to perform for the shop on behalf of the owner.”

He came over to me before walking towards the area where the seat had been placed. “Just take a seat, right here. Start teh show whenever you want.” 

I stared at his character and started wondering what he looked like in real life if I ever met him. “Uh…sorry.”

“No matter. Please just start the show…whenever y-you’re…” I couldn’t help, but stare at the man, so curious as to what he really looked like. Well, that was until I heard somoene giggling in the crowd. “Whenever your ready, miss. Let me know if you need anything.” 

I went over to the seat and made my character face everyone. I let out a sigh before pulling my guitar up from the floor. I then adjusted it in my lap before clearing my voice and starting to strum the chords.

That wasn’t the only sound I heard. Someone was playing their guitar on the other end. “Hey, Q. Why don’t you play the guitar and I’ll play the drums?”

Quackity: “Sounds good.”

I shifted myslef to the drum set I had in the studio, taking most of my stuff along with me, along with my laptop, so I could log into Minecraft. I started playing my favorite song.

Charlie:

The mirrors image…It tells me its home time.

But I’m not finished, cause your not by my side. 

And as I arrived I thought I saw you leaving…

Carrying your shoes.

Decided that once again I was just dreaming…

Of bumping into you.

Now its three in the morning.

And I’m trying to change your mind.

Left you multiple miscalls and to my message you replied. 

Why’d you only call me when your high?

Hi, why’d you only call me when your high?

Dream:

Somewhere darker…talking the same shite.

I need a partner, well are you out tonight?

Its harder and harder to get you to listen.

More I get through the gears.

Incapable of making alright decisions.

Charlie:

And having bad ideas…

Charlie & Dream:

Now its three in the morning.

And I’m trying to change your mind.

Left you multiple miscalls and to my message you replied. 

Charlie:

Message you re-

Dream: 

Why’d you only call me when you’re high?

Charlie:

Why’d- you- only- call- me- when- you’re-

Charlie & Dream:

High? 

Why’d you only call me when you’re high?

[Charlie and Quackity instrumental solo]

Dream: 

And I can’t see you here, wondering, where am I?

It sort of feels like I’m running out of time.

I haven’t found all I was hoping to find.

You said you gotta be up in the morning.

Gonna have an early night.

And you’re starting to bore me, baby.

Why’d you only call me when you’re high?

Charlie:

Why’d you only ever phone me when you’re high?

Why’d you only ever phone me when you’re high?

Why’d you only ever phone me when you’re high?

Why’d you only ever phone me when you’re…high?

-

I finished the song and chuckled a little as Dream made his character dance around after hopping off the chair. I was staring at him again, until I heard everyone clapping and Tommy yelling ‘Ship!’ from the crowd. 

I broke the seat Wilbur made and waited for everyone to calm down, so we could start the next game. To be honest, I wanted to switch a whole new karaoke stream. I wasn’t the greatest singer from what I thought, but I loved singing. 

-

I closed and turned off everything that I had set up from old junk and looked at my phoen seing Dream had messaged me. 

Dream: How can one be such a good dancer, singer and instrumentalist?

Charlie: Wrong number, there aren’t any talented people here.

Dream: I’m not joking. I could take a plane to England to watch you perform. 

Charlie: Then why don’t you? I have to go make dinner, I’ll be back soon. 

Dream: The woman cooks, too? Talk to you later. 

Charlie: Bye, Clay. I do cook and I do fairly well. Better than you even.

I went downstairs and left my phone on the dresser before he could make a response. Once I got down, I washed my hands and quickly started making food for both me and George. He came down a minute later, a gigantic smirk on his face. 

“Mate, you look extra happy. Have you met someone new in your dreams?” I asked him while sheepishly smiling. He rested his face for a split second before going back.

“I should be asking you the same question. Check your Twitter. It’s only been ten minutes since your stream ended and there is already fan art of the little episode you and Dream did.”  

He opened up his phone and shoved his screen in my face to show fan art of me and Dream singing in a small cafe. “You like him…”

“I don’t. He’s my best friend.” I washed the last dish and slid it into the now full dishwasher, shutting it.

“Sure. We’ll see about that.” He ran around the living area and screamed. “Charlie is in love!”

“Even if I was, I wouldn’t be the first of us to fall in love! You’re madly in love with Dream, for all I know.” I yelled back at him. He emerged from under the counter, his face blank. “Why are you looking at me like that?”

He grabbed the large bowl of pasta and the chicken I had made for dinner. “I will not be spoken about that way.’ He said, strutting off. I rolled my eyes and laughed, pouring us both some sprite.

George awakes feeling daylight blanketing his body, burning the outside of his eyelids. He squints one eye open, confused on why he was laying on the floor. 

Rubbing his puffy eyes, he sits up and stretches on the air mattress, popping his back from the uncomfortable position he slept in.

Sitting up on his knees, he looks up to the bed and realizes the occupants from last night were no longer buried in the sheets. He looks across the room to see both his friends’ suitcases laying flat on the floor open, their clothes from the night before thrown into them. 

Walking over to the bathroom, George opens the door watching as natural light floods the dark room. He looks over at the sink and his lips curl at the sight of two toothbrushes accompanying his usually lonely one.

After mouthwash, he opens his mirrored cabinet and takes out an orange container, shaking the small, white pill out onto his hand. He places it on his tongue and washes it down with tap water.

George realizes he was in the same clothes he had worn yesterday, and grabs a change from his closet. He sheds his attire and steps into the shower, sighing as the instantly lukewarm water hits his sweaty skin. 

After changing into some casual sweats and a t-shirt, he walks through the hallway stopping when he hears commotion coming from the kitchen. Talking over the drone of the vent, Dream and Sapnap were cooking what looked to be pancakes, scurrying around the kitchen like they had no idea what they were doing. Correction, Dream looked like he had no idea what he was doing. Sapnap was doing what looked to be a thousand things at one time, while Dream followed him around like a lost puppy. 

It’s then when George notices the extent of the mess his friends had caused. There was literally pancake mix thrown on the cabinets. “Good morning.” George speaks up. 

Both Dream and Sapnap freeze, and turn around slowly, a sheepish smile adorning both their faces. Sapnap turns off the vent and they both try to talk at the same time.

“We’re going to clean this up-“

“We made pancakes!”

George’s mouth curves involuntarily upward in a small, half-smile. He honestly couldn’t decide if this was funny or annoying. He walks forward, his expression slackening into slight horror at the scene in front of him. “What, did you guys have a food fight or something in here?” George asks incredulously. 

Dream and Sapnap look at each other and look away, their cheeks tinted pink. They did. 

“God.” George murmurs under his breath. 

He walks past them and looks at the large stack of golden brown pancakes on the plate. Picking it up, he walks over to his small morning table, gesturing for them to sit down when they just stood there like idiots. They smile and skip over to the table, slumping in their chairs as soon as they sit.

George opens his fridge and fishes out a half-empty bottle of maple syrup, along with some whipped cream, blueberries, and a vibrant jug of orange juice. He grabs a handful of silverware and brings it all over to the table. Dream stands up to help him set everything on the table and they all immediately dig in. 

“So how was the trip?” George asks, letting his gaze linger on Dream before looking back down to his plate.

“It was great. I mean who doesn’t like sitting on a plane for twelve something hours?” Sapnap asks, innocently. George rolls his eyes and Dream snorts into his orange juice. 

“Eleven and yeah, the flight sucked. Sap was literally the most annoying. There was this poor lady sitting next to us and this idiot it was a clever idea to slam his head on the table for some fucking reason. She was looking at us like we were the most impolite people on the planet.” Dream looks at the man across from him, wearing an unimpressed look on his face. 

“Hey! It’s not my fault! I had a headache! And plus, that was right after you told me we had six hours left on that god-forsaken plane, what else am I supposed to do?” Sapnap retorts. 

“Oh I don’t know, don’t act like an idiot for once in your life, at least not in public!” Dream deadpans. 

George paid no regard to whatever the hell his friends were saying. Instead he found himself studying Dream’s features as they endlessly bickered. He has to admit, the man was good-looking. 

His hair was a nice strawberry blonde that faded into darker roots and his eyes were alive with emotion; individual specks of different shades of yellow seeming to sparkle in the morning sunlight. George was aware they were actually green and though he wishes he could see the actual color, for once he didn’t mind too much that he couldn’t.

The rest of his body wasn’t jacked but he looked athletic, built with lean muscle. How he had a body like that whilst sitting at a computer playing Minecraft 24/7 was beyond him.

 George focuses back on his friend’s face. He hadn’t noticed it at first, but Dream had faint brown freckles over his medium tan skin. George is again surprised that he isn’t pale from staying inside as much as he does. 

He catches Dream’s eye and they stare at one another for a moment before Dream breaks his gaze and looks down at his hands. George watches as he plays with the single silver ring on his index finger, almost anxiously.

“Anyway, are we going anywhere today or just staying home?” Sapnap asks. George smiles at the thought. Home, he liked the sound of that. His small apartment feels more like home in these few hours than it has in the past few months he has lived here. He cringes at himself inwardly, trying to focus back on the conversation.

“Depends. Are you guys tired?” George questions. The last thing he needed was to drag a whining Sapnap around if they ended up going to any of the attractions around his place. 

“Not really. We woke up pretty early but I’m fine, you?” Dream asks, turning to Sapnap. The other man nods in agreement. 

“Wait, I think I have an idea. But I’m going to keep it a surprise for now. We can stay in and catch up until evening.” George says, a mischievous smile lighting his face. He knows how horribly the both of them did with surprises.

“We don’t need to catch up, we literally talk for ten hours everyday-” Dream starts. George silences him with a look. 

“Great. Now we have to suffer through the afternoon because you won’t tell us what the surprise is.” Sapnap groans. 

“He’s doing it on purpose.” Dream grumbles. 

“Yes I am. Come on, let’s go watch something.” George says, shooting them both a grin before standing up and placing his plate in the sink. 

Soon they are all snuggled up on the couch scrolling through Netflix for something to watch. As Sapnap grumbles about the quality of movies on Netflix, Dream abruptly turns to face George, as though he just remembered something.

“You lied to me!” Dream exclaims. George frowns and cocks his head to the side. 

“What is that supposed to mean?” 

“You told me last night you had another bed but we found you sleeping on that crappy piece of plastic on the floor this morning.” Dream accuses, an unhappy expression on his face. 

George rolls his eyes. So that was it? “It’s not that bad. Besides, three people can’t fit on my bed anyway.” 

“We’re going and getting another mattress after the movie. You’re not sleeping on the floor in your own apartment. ” Dream tells him, leaving no room for argument.

“Dream just drop it honestly. It’s fine.” George argues. Dream keeps his gaze on the TV and he turns and looks at Sapnap for help.

Sapnap looks over at him and grimaces as though he was going to regret his words. “Hey, like you said, don’t break your neck idiot. We’re traveling in a few days.” 

George groans and throws his head back onto the couch. He really didn’t see what the big deal was. It was only for one more frickin night! He decides to relent. Dream and Sapnap both have pretty bad memories, especially for trivial things. It’s not like they would remember this conversation in a few hours anyway. 




George listens to Dream telling a story as they sit bumper to bumper in rush hour traffic, on their way to a local mattress firm.

 Sapnap had decided to stay at the apartment and unpack their essentials, leaving Dream and George on the mission of getting a cheap mattress. He watches out of the corner of his eyes as Dream waves his hands around animatedly, stopping once in a while to laugh at his own jokes. 

He sees Dream look over to assess his reaction, a grin lighting up his face when he sees the idiotic smile displayed on George’s. The brunette quickly schools his expression to one of annoyance but of course, he’s already being teased relentlessly.

“Oh shut up.” George tells him, his cheeks turning annoyingly pink as Dream imitates his expression.

“I didn’t say anything,” Dream says, dropping his chin and looking up at him innocently. George glances at him for a second before focusing back on the road, a small half-smile still involuntarily evident in his expression. 

“So uh,” The atmosphere grew quiet as Dream tried to find his words. “What do you think? Of you know, yesterday and everything…” Dream trails off. George grips the steering wheel, wondering how to answer the question. 

Like, his appearance? What is he meant to say? Yeah you’re so hot, damn Dream I don’t know why you hide your face! Heck no. 

He settles with, “What do you mean?” buying him more time to think of a better answer. 

“Yesterday was the first time you saw my face…so I was, just wondering.” Dream clears his throat and curls his fingers into the sleeve of his hoodie, slouching back in the seat. He reaches into his pocket and grabs a pack of gum, placing a stick onto his tongue. 

“Well, you look like what you described. I was kind of surprised by the piercings though.” George admits, reaching over and stealing a piece from the pack. Dream raises an eyebrow and laughs. 

“Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you about those. I got them a few months ago. Why? You like them?” Dream asks.

“I guess. They suit you, surprisingly.” George laughs as Dream nudges him playfully. After a beat of silence, George looks over at him. “Why?” 

“Why what?” 

“What was the purpose of that question?” 

Dream seems to think for a second before shrugging his shoulders. “I don’t know? Just curious I guess.” 

George snorts. “What, you thought I would think you’re ugly and dump you or something?” The Brit watches as his friend lets out a disbelieving laugh, averting his eyes.

 ”What? Dump me? George, do you even know what that means?” Dream wheezes.

“Oh shut up, I didn’t mean it like that.” George groans in annoyance. 

He continues laughing and eventually George joins in, because Dream’s laugh is contagious like that. There’s no escaping the riptide of elation that Dream sets free when he starts to do that stupid wheezing laugh. 

“We’re here.” George says, looking behind him before turning into the lot.

“Already?” Dream asks, looking outside as George parks in front of the store. “Dreams-oh you’re such an idiot.” George snorts at Dream’s expression and releases his seatbelt. There was a closer mattress place a few miles before but the opportunity was too great to surpass. 

“Ok you stay here,” He says, throwing the keys in Dream’s direction and opening the door.

“No way, I’m coming.” Dream says, catching the keys and taking his seatbelt off. George looks back at him.

“If someone recognizes me, it’s not going to take an Einstein to figure out who you are. It’s like I care more about your privacy than you do. Stay in the car for God’s sake.” He huffs. Dream is so intelligent but sometimes he lacks basic common sense, and it’s going to drive George insane one of these days.

“Oh please, there aren’t a lot of people in that place anyway. The chances of them knowing who you are is pretty slim. Here,” Dream reaches into the glove compartment and takes out his sunglasses, throwing them at George who catches them exasperatedly. They both step out of the car and Dream pulls George’s jacket hood up, and looks at him. “Great! You’re unrecognizable. Let’s go.”

“I look ridiculous! It’s literally about to rain and I’m wearing sunglasses.” George complains as they approach the building. 

A bell chimes as they open the door and walk into the air-conditioned store. The woman, looking to be in her mid-twenties, at the register smiles at them as they nod lightly in courtesy in her direction. George walks over to the twin mattresses at the back of the store and checks all the prices, settling with the cheapest one which was pretty good quality for its price. 

“You don’t have to get the cheapest one.” Dream tells him, frowning slightly. 

“It’s for like two days. It’s fine.” The other man insists. 

Dream shrugs and sits on the bed, bouncing slightly and waving him over to sit next to him. George shakes his head quickly and looks over at the lady who hadn’t noticed his friend’s childishness yet. 

“Dreeeam, come on, you’re embarrassing me.” George groans, looking at the man who was now starfished on the mattress. 

“I’m tired, driving sucks.” Dream sighs.

“You weren’t even driving!” George whisper-shouts. The lady looks in their direction and frowns, before looking back at her computer. He kicks Dream’s shin and the other man sits up abruptly, rubbing his leg. 

“Ouch you jerk. Ugh fine, let’s go pay for this thing.” He says, grabbing George’s arm and pulling himself up. The shorter man steadies himself and rolls his eyes, walking toward the employee with a smile. 

“Hi, I would like to purchase number 47 please.” He says, feeling Dream stand behind him. 

“Of course, card or cash?” She asks, her eyes looking behind George’s shoulder.

“Uh, cash I think.” He answers. Before George can reach into his wallet, Dream places two crisp, hundred-dollar bills on the counter. George looks back at him in annoyance and he shakes his head, gesturing towards the woman who had looked up from her computer.

“Alright, phone number or email please.” She says. George gives one of his personal emails and she punches it into the system. “So are you guys from around here?” She asks as she types. 

“He is, I’m from the States.” Dream answers, offering a small smile. George noticed her blink repeatedly and bite her bottom lip subtly behind the screen. That was definitely weird.

“The States huh? How long are you visiting?” She asks.

Dream thinks for a moment. “Well we’re going on vacation. So we’re not staying here for long.” 

George watches as her expression drops. “Oh so you guys are a couple?” 

He laughs as Dream corrects her. “No no, we’re just really good friends.” 

“That’s cool.” She remarks, shooting Dream a shiny smile. “And, would you like delivery?”

“No thank you.” George responds. She nods and walks to the back of the store and through a door, coming back wheeling a large cardboard box in front of her in an open-ended cart. 

“Here you go!” She says. Dream takes the cart from her and nods gratefully. She prints out the receipt and writes something down before handing it to Dream, pink tinting her cheeks. “Have a nice day!” 

George thanks her while Dream stuffs the paper into his pocket, sending a friendly smile in her direction. They wheel the cart outside and George lowers the back seats, making the trunk bigger. They both hoist the mattress into the car and slam the door closed, it just barely fitting.

They’re soon back on the road, the radio filling the silence that overtook the small vehicle.

“Great, it’s raining again.” George comments, listening as the soft patter of the transparent droplets slowly grew to a steady hum. He watches as people on the sidewalk run for cover, opening their umbrellas to battle the strong winds and sheets of water falling on top of them. He turns his wipers on and squints at the traffic light through the blurred windshield.




“It’s kinda relaxing. Usually when we get rain, it’s during hurricane season and everything’s crazy. ” Dream says, looking out at the grey sky.  George watches as the other follows a raindrop on the window with his finger. 

As they got out of the city’s traffic and onto the main road, small pockets of sunlight had managed to weave through the silvery overcast. Rays of natural light lit up the interior of the vehicle as the drone of the engine accompanied the pitter-patter of the slowing precipitation. 

George notices Dream reach into his pocket, taking out the crumpled receipt and glancing at it for a second before shaking his head and shoving it back in his pocket. 

“What is it?” He asks, taking note of Dream’s tinted cheeks. 

“Oh nothing, nothing.” Dream deflects, looking even more embarrassed, if possible.  

George takes him by surprise, reaching over into his friend’s pocket before Dream can slap his hand away. He pulls the receipt out, and quickly glances to the road making sure the vehicle was driving straight before unfolding the paper. 

“Oh my God,” George giggles, waving the paper around in his friend’s face. On the bottom of the receipt, pretty cursive writing spelled out “Call me ;)” with a number below it. 

“Shut up.” Dream grumbles, snatching the paper away and crumpling it up, throwing it on the dashboard. 

“Are you going to call her? I mean she’s pretty,” George jokes, wiggling his eyebrows. Dream huffs, shaking his head and pushing George away. 

“Noo,” Dream tells him. “I don’t even…I don’t know, just no.” 

“Alright alright.” George says, starting to feel a bit queasy. Of course, his motion sickness has to start acting up now. 

Dream glances over in concern at his grimace. “You good?” 

“Yeah, I just don’t really go out a lot.” George explains, reaching into the side compartment and grabbing the bag of caramels he stored in there for emergencies. He takes the gum out of his mouth and pops one in his mouth. As the sweetness coats his tongue, he begins to feel better straight away.

“Honestly I think I can drive if you need it.” Dream offers. George chuckles. 

“Yeah, no way. You’re going to crash the car. Besides, we’ll be at the apartment in ten minutes anyway.” 

“Wha-I would not crash the car, what is wrong with you!” Dream says, looking affronted. George turns to look at him. 

“You’re telling me you can drive this car without getting disoriented? Everything is flipped here, you realize that right?” 

“I can totally do it.” Dream insists. George thinks for a second before turning on the hazard lights and changing to the left-most lane. He slows to a stop, and shifts the gear into parking before opening the door and looking at Dream expectantly. He, who was looking up at him with slightly wide eyes.

So, he was just bluffing. “Well, go on then.” 

Dream opens his door, and they walk past each other, a small smile on the shorter man’s face. George watches as Dream gets into the driver seat, his knuckles growing white as he grips the wheel. “Right, I can do this. Just watch.” He hesitates for a moment. “Ok, what lane do I go in?” 

George leans back in his seat. “We’re finished.” 

Dream laughs nervously and turns off the hazard lights, watching for any passing cars before pulling out onto the road. George points to the left and he nods, changing lanes. Besides a small panic when someone overtakes him, Dream has been doing pretty well so far. “George what is that?!” 

“What!” 

Dream points at the passing circular sign with a black diagonal line through it. “Oh, that means you can go faster. 60 is the limit. Ok you’re going to change here, and…yeah take this left right here.” He instructs as Dream complies. 

“Ah this is so weird, I keep trying to look at the rearview but it’s on the other side.” Dream groans. George laughs at his discomfort and checks behind them to make sure no one was behind them, the blonde was going way too slow. 

“Dream, you have to go faster, you’re like ten below the speed limit.” George sniggers. 

“Oh I’m sorry, I’m trying not to get us killed on your weird-ass opposite roads.” Dream murmurs, as he looks to his right before speeding up.

“You’re the one who said you can do it,” George doesn’t miss a beat. Dream scoffs. 

“I can and am.” 

“Right.” 

They look at each other and look away, trying not to laugh. “Dream! Dream! Turn! Right there!” George exclaims. 

Dream swears and makes a sharp turn. The vehicle swerves a bit, tilting to the side before straightening back out. 

George feels like his heart needs to be straightened out, he’s pretty sure it’s on the wrong side of his chest. “You good?” Dream laughs, a bright smile on his face.

George clutches his chest and gasps. “You almost gave me a heart attack! God, never again,” Dream presses the brake pedal suddenly, causing George to get tossed against his seatbelt. “Dream!” 

Dream’s laughter fills the car and George shoves him over harshly as he pulls into the parking lot. He leans his head against the passenger seat and closes his eyes for a second, thanking whatever was above them that they were actually alive. 

By the time George opens his eyes, Dream’s already out of the car, unloading the mattress from the back. “Are you gonna help?”

“No. You’re on your own you jerk.” He tells him, smirking as he walks toward the building. 

“Geooorge, please!” Dream grunts, shifting the mattress in his arms. George relents and jogs over, grabbing the other side, taking some weight off his friend’s side. “I’ll go in the front but you have to tell me when to step.” 

George nods and they shuffle to the stairs. “Ok here’s the first step.” They manage to make their way up the staircase and to George’s door. Dream holds the mattress with one hand and takes his phone out of his pocket with the other, speed-dialing Sapnap. A minute later, they are let in, dragging the mattress in behind them. 

“What took so long? Damn it’s been forever. I didn’t know finding a mattress was so hard.” Sapnap remarks. 

“I let Dream drive is what happened.” George sighs, as they enter the bedroom and plop the mattress next to his bed. 

“Well you’re both alive, that’s good.” Sapnap responds.

“Why do you both have no faith in me?” Dream complains, sitting on the mattress with a huff. 

“So when’s the surprise?” Sapnap asks, ignoring him and watching Dream complain under his breath. 

George yawns, stretching his limbs. “That’s later. Did you make something?” He asks, sniffing the savory aroma that was wafting through the air. 

“Yeah, I made dinner. It’s not like you or Dream can cook.” Sapnap jokes. George blushes in embarrassment and looks down to see Dream passed out on the mattress. Ok, now he’s genuinely curious how he managed to fall asleep in less than a minute, whilst having a conversation. 

Like, what the heck. 


i walk into school, everyone stares, i hear them whispering, “did you hear what he did to sapnap?” “yeah broken his goddamn heart,” “and i thought he was a nice guy!” “jeez and to break someones heart like that…” surely it hadnt been this extreme- surely. the crowd clears and i see him standing ahead. he turns and theres tears running down his face, “how could you- how- how- could you… we had a perfect relationship- and what did you do!?!? break my heart and leave me in ruins! YEAH RUINS CLAY-!!” i shudder and step away, bumping into someone. he screams something at me, but i cant hear anymore. i turn and push my way through the crowd. away, away.

I wake up, sweat drenching me. another dream….god im wrecked. reality is an illusion sometimes…. isnt it. i sit up and open my phone, scrolling through the memories again. My lip starts to tremble, i pinch myself. I can’t cry, i just can’t. 

a week passes and soon its tuesday


I walk into school, and apart from the death stares sapnap and quackity shoot me, i think this is the start of a good day! or so i think…

i see him, george, leaning against the wall, smiling. i decide to try one more time to get it out of him. what i did wrong. i had to have done something wrong… right?! my mind spins as i stride over. that dream…. i shake my head, “hey,” “hello-” he turns but stops, “nevermind” i watch as he walks away, WHAT THE HELL DID I DO WRONG?! 

i duck my head, quackity glares. then feel a tap on my shoulder. i steal a glance behind me and instead of seeing clay; as i’d expected, i see a girl. one of the popular girls. “h-hey,” i say shakily. “hey!” she says smiling, “do’ya wanna hang with us-?” “oh,” thats not what i was expecting… “you sure you want me to hang out with you-?” she rolls her eyes and grabs my arm, tugging me towards her friends, “of course i am.” 

i trudge over to sapnap, “i just don’t get it sap… why does he suddenly ignore me? did i do something-? did i- did i,” sapnap glances at quackity before speaking, “clay…. i hate to tell you… but…” i look up with confusion in my eyes. sapnap flings his hand behind me, “he…. only… he is a nobody…. or rather was.. he just saw it as an opportunity to get popular… or get her attention..” i tilt my head, furrowing my eyebrows, “……who….?” he nods behind me again, “her…” i turn and see him talking to a girl… not just any girl… heather. “he wanted, her attention-?!” sapnap replies, “yeah, apparently he’s liked her for ages…” i scoff, “no wonder he doesnt want to talk to me, he must know how much i HATE BEING USED.” i yell the last part and everyone turns. i glare at them all extra hard.

i jump as clay yells, why’d he yell-? i shake my head. “so, george, do you have a date to the dance this friday?” i frown, “theres a dance?” she giggles “i’ll take that as a no… alright.” she links my arm with hers, “your my date.” my eyes widen, “why- oh uhm, ok! cool.” she giggles again and we get on with class. 

i glance over at george and eva and seeing them link arms i say, “wonder what they’re talking about.” sapnap shrugs, “probably the dance.” i snap my head towards him, “THE WHAT?!?” he laughs and repeats, “the dance,” “theres a fucking dance?!?” he nods and adds “so- you dont have a date…” i shake my head at him, “nu-uh buddy… no.” his smile drops, “well you have to take someone!” i roll my eyes and turn towards the crowd, i pick out a random girl, run over and tap her on the shoulder. her eyes widen, “yes?” “uh, would you like to go to the dance with me?” she blushes a bit, “me? yeah! sure!” i nod and run back over the sapnap, “done done and done.”
Me and heather lean on the wall outside, i sigh. Suddenly the double doors BUST open and clay, sapnap, karl, and quackity storm out, screaming and yelling at eachother. 

“I  AM SORRY SAPNAP. i DIDNT mean to give you a false idea!” he screams back, “BUT YOU KISSED ME DREAM.” quackity scoffs and pushes me, “yeah, talk about playing with emotions!” “im SORRY! it was stupid of me- my mind was on someone else.” quackity rolls his eyes hard, “WOW THAT HELPS.” “i thought we told you all about that certain someone… to FORGET about them.” sapnap says with a frown. “well i FUCKING CANT SAP, I FUCKING CANT- I DONT KNOW WHY BUT I CANT. you dont dictate my life. you dont get to tell me what to remember and what not to. you dont get to tell me who i should like and who i shouldnt.” 

Someone yells, “party at punz’s! come now if ya comin!” and that snaps me back to reality. my vision clears and i see heather leaning really close to me, almost close enough to feel her breath. i panic and back away. was she trying to kiss me? i thought we were just friends… “um… hi.” i say, awkwardly. “hey…. are you going to punz’s” she asks nonchalantly. “uhm…” i contemplate it, “yeah sure…” 

sapnap says in a dull voice, “we are continuing this at punz’s” quackity yells, “DAMN RIGHT WE ARE.” i shake my head, “its finished. i’ll go… but this-” i gesture, “is over. this conversation is over. you understand sap- you just wanna argue.” quackity looks offended, “EXCUSE YOU BITCH.” sapnap, fuming says, “maybe i do clay. BUT I DONT WANT TO.” 

i dont know the way to punz’s, ive never been social. but heather and her friends walk confidently to it. easily, like they’ve been there a lot. they probably have. 

once we get to the party, me, sap, quackity and karl, who strangely hasn’t said anything, practically all night. so i ask him, “hey karl, whats up? are you feeling alright?” he shrugs, “eh… kinda off.” sapnap immediately looks concerned, he wraps his arms around karl and guides him onto the couch. “just rest k?” karl nods and closes his eyes. “as for you quackity- lets get wasted.” “you bet.” quackity replied. i roll my eyes and sigh. our arguments are over so easily. both sapnap and quackity go off to get drinks and i sneak off. upstairs. i used to hang out with punz a lot so i know my way around. i open the glass doors to one of the two balconies and sit down. resting my back and head against the cool metal. 
after a few minutes the other balcony door bursts open. i look up just in time to see george, heather, and two random people, obviously dating. 

i sit down on the railing, its not exactly… fun… hanging out with them… heather and her friends. heathers friends and her boyfriend start making out, and i feel even more uncomfortable. “get a room!!” heather giggles. her friend says slurrily, “we might as well.” then as they make there exit back into the house, the boyfriend winks at me. god why’d i come to this thing. i sigh and shut my eyes, breathing in the cool air and clearing my mind. i was smart not to drink, really smart. 
I sleepily open my eyes to see a face, i yell, but then realize its just my sister, “you bitch- er, you idiot.” She puckers her face, “dont let mom hear you clay.” “i know i know, im sorry, it took me a second to realize who you were- why were you even watching me like that…?” She shrugs and skips out of the room. “what a strange child… a great one but strange… “i yawn and rub my eyes, i wish i didnt have to care today, that i could just be home, where i can be myself… not some stuck up jock. 

I roll my shoulders back and stare at my reflected self, alright georgie. your not gonna be an awkward weirdo today. got it?! My mom walks in, “what’re you doing…” I tense and lean against it, facing her, “WHAT?!? i mean, uh, what’re you doing…?” i blush and try and keep a straight face. “alright… well you can practice your death stare AFTER breakfast, come on downstairs-” I roll my eyes and follow her downstairs.

I slide into the passenger seat of my moms car and shut the door, looking at my reflection in the rear view mirror. My mom starts the car and I flick back to the present. As soon as we arrive i unlock my door and hop out. “see you later clay!” “later.” i flinch, she deserved more then that.. 

The day seems to fly by quickly, soon its break, even lunch was quick. I pull out my phone and pretend to check something, like i actually have friends… i cant do this for much longer. Luckily i see clay coming over, followed by sapnap. “hey george, i juat wanted to you meet sapnap, cause you havent had a…. formal meeting.” he’s trying so hard to make me his friend… meet his friends….i dont think its gonna work. 

jesus this better work, i swear, they seem like they would like eachother…. if i didnt exist. I nudge sapnap, “right. hey george.” he pauses and whispers to me, “is that good enough..” I nod, “sure sap,” “uhm, it looks like karl is calling me, im gonna go.” he says, making an excuse.

Clay sighs, but he nods, letting sapnap go. Once he’s gone, i say “hey, you tried.” he sighs again, “i did. im sighing to much arent i?” I shrug, “you could say that- only twice…” he seems very tense… wonder whats bothering him,

I see sapnap coming back, karl must’ve needed space. “its almost time for class clay,” he says, coming to a stop next to me. “oh is it really…?” i say checking my phone, “you are quite right,” I look up and he smiles whole heartedly. Then he leans in, i panic, fuck how do i say this, “sap- can we- ah- uh- later…” seeing the disappointed look on his face i add, “we can talk later, i- lets go to class” i clear my throat, and quickly stride away from both if them.

“what a mess.” i say, trying to lighten the situation. “oh shut the fuck up george.” he says as he stamps after clay.


heather says, “georgie you should try some~” hiccuping and flinging it in my face. “hey hey watch it! i dont th-” i say trying to reason. “just try to georgie~~” she croons. “why are you acting like this you-” i say getting cut off again. “its the alcohol sweetie- makes everyone like this, just try it” she says flinging it once again at me. “no. thanks.” i say, starting to feel annoyed. “come onnnnnnnn” she says just as slurrily. “oh my g- will you stop if i do?!” when she does reply i add, “im taking that as a yes.” 

i watch as he takes it from her, between the railings and takes a small sip. “there you go-” he says handing it back. “hmmmmmm,” she says out of her mind, moving closer to him. “what’re you-” george says freezing. heather leans towards him some more. i roll my eyes and look away, why did i have to be out on the balcony for this… “heather.” he says cautiously, “please, i know your drunk er whatever but your gonna regret this-” i laugh softly enough they cant hear, of course george is trying to reason with a drunk person…. i roll my eyes and stand up and start walking to the glass door.

heather slides into my lap, and i feel like sinking through the railing. i see clay suddenly pop up out of nowhere from the other balcony and i plead for him to help me with me eyes. fuck i dont even know what about to do…. ive never been to a party like this…. ive never had this experience… its all so confusing- “heather-im- i” i start to say but then she puts a hand on my stomach and drifts it down to my pants waist. 

i might’ve been able to ignore george the first time, he can have fun with his girlfriend for all i care… but once i see her touching him like that, and his face…. i grab hold of the railing and jump over the few feet between them. i smirk, “you got my attention now,” then punch her in the face.

i can see as his mind clears and he spurts, “oh my-” puts his hands to his mouth, “im sorry i didnt mean to actually punch you… i- ahhhhh” he inhales sharply, “are you ok- actually i just…” heather passes out and drops to the balcony floor. “alright then.” he says quickly glancing up at me and then looking back down and moving to go back inside. i reach out my hand, still looking at the ground and say quietly, “wait… i-uh… im sorry” 

i turn around and look up, but not quite into his eyes, and chuckle, “your sorry for making me punch her?” he looks down and shuffles his feet nervously, “no uh… thank you… for doing that- i was saying that cause- i- er…” i snark, “are you going to tell me or waste my time all night.?” now i can be impatient… but as soon as those words left my mouth i regretted it. 

my mouth drops open, jesus, “well theres no need to be rude. now im not certain i want to tell you anymore.” he bites his lip, looking down, “im sorry… i’ll try to be better.” your already doing great. i rest my chin on my hand, “good- i just wanted to say-” i scratch the back of my head, “is- was- er whatever, is that im sorry for ignoring you… i shouldnt have listened to quackity or heather..” 

i pause… “quackity…?” what. he nods, “quackity and heather. and i totally get why you ignored me aswell, ghosting can be…. hurtful… im glad you ignored me too… i deserved it.” i shake my head, “noooo you didn’t…that was my fault- sorry for that” i look up and study his face, noticing something that wasnt there before. “wait-” i reach up and brush the side of his face, where a cut lays, “why didnt i notice this before, i-” i look up and see him looking at me, with an expression i cant decode. “oh um… sorry for touching you…” i drop my hands to my sides. 

“um- its fine- whatever, i think…. i think im gonna go inside now-” i say, pushing past him. “you sure you wanna go down there?” he says with a smile in his voice. “……..no” i say truthfully. “here.” he holds up a finger, “hang on, i’ll be right back,” he picks up heather and slings her over his shoulder. then he’s gone. and im alone. it feels good, i would say… on a normal night. but this night… not so much. will he come back? maybe not… maybe he wont…

after depositing heather on a couch downstairs, i quickly check on sapnap, seeing as he’s still asleep, i skip up the stairs again. happy, but when im happy, it never lasts for long… i open the balcony door but even before i open it my heart was already on the floor. he left.


They emerged from the bathroom together, breathless, George’s hand clasped in Dream’s. The paranoid part of George expected a crowd to be gathered outside the door, but only one irritated, half-asleep dude was there.

“Upstairs,” Dream whispered, and guided down the hall, through the crowds of laughing, drunken people.

They ran up the stairs, their shoes soft on the carpeted steps. George’s heart was racing, giddiness keeping a wide smile on his face. At the top of the stairs Dream grabbed him again, kissing him viciously, hands tangling up in his hair. Every time they parted, George felt as if he was breaking the surface of a pool: he gasped for air, vision blurred, his body light.
There was a doorway at the end of the hall, a bedroom with the lights turned off. Dream pulled a lighter from his pocket, and while George lingered near the door, he lit candles around the room, filling it with a flickering orange glow.

“Very convenient mood lighting,” George said, as Dream walked back to him. “How lucky.”

Dream smiled. In the candlelight, his face was cast in strange shadows and he looked even darker, and more mysterious. “I have a bit of a weakness for candles. Mrs. Sapnap says the aromatherapy will help my anxiety.”

George frowned. “Wait…is this…”

“This bedroom is mine. No one will bother us.”

It took a few moments for what Dream said to fully register in George’s brain. George couldn’t see much of the room, even with the candles lit. The bed had a headboard reminiscent of an iron bar gate, massive and dark. A giant bull’s skull, painted black and adorned with flakes of gold, stared down at George from the wall.

“Wait…wait…this is…” George stuttered. “Did you say this is your room?”

“Yeah…” Dream looked around, as if refamiliarizing himself with the place, and shrugged. “I started living here after I turned 18.”

George could hardly believe it. Dream Wastaken…living with the Sapnap family? One of the wealthiest families in town?

“How? Why?” George could dimly see nik-naks lining the nearby shelves, vinyl records, shining crystals and daggers in glass display cases. Nice things, treasured things.

“Mrs. Sapnap is a social worker,” Dream said. He looked uncomfortable. “She was…my social worker. My mom wanted to keep custody of me, but not as much as she wanted to keep my dad around.” He cleared his throat, and the discomfort became even more apparent - he looked pained. “I’d always planned to leave the day I turned 18. I wasn’t about to stick around and get beat on any longer than I had to. I went to Mrs. Sapnap for advice. But instead of advice I got a place to stay.”

George didn’t know what to say. What could he say? Everyone in town knew Dream’s dad was a mess, leaving when he fought with his wife and then coming back after a few months. But shit…George had never known it was like that. He never bothered to ask…

“That’s…that’s um…” George wanted to apologize, but nothing seemed adequate. After all the shit Dream had gone through in high school, he had to go home and deal with even more. Selfish, stuck-up kids, harassing him just because they could. It had been so wrong…so fucking cruel…

“Dream, I… I’m so sorry…”

“I don’t want to talk about it,” Dream said firmly.

George didn’t blame Dream - he wouldn’t have wanted to hash out all the demons of his past either, especially not with a person who caused some of them.

“Maybe…someday. If you actually want to hear about it. Just…not now.”

“I want to hear it. Someday.” George gave Dream a smile, a true, genuine smile. He meant it: he wanted to see into Dream deeper, he wanted to hear Dream talk. George didn’t know if it would make up for being an asshole to him, but maybe it was a start. 
Surprise, then a soft, gentle calm came over Dream’s face. Dream caressed his fingers over George’s collarbone, up his throat, and rested them beneath George’s chin.

“Someday,” he repeated. “You mean I’m not scaring you away?”

“Not at all,” George reached up on his toes, and his kiss was chaste this time, an assurance instead of a demand. “Besides, I like being scared.”

Dream laughed, almost in disbelief. “Oh, Gogy. You ran with the wrong crowd in high school, you know that? You would’ve fit right in with the freaks.”

George snorted, disbelieving. “Plenty of people like scary things. I just like them a little…more.” he shrugged, as if this was a perfectly normal thing, and certainly not something he had only just discovered about himself. 

“Oh right, of course, so let’s see: likes scary things…likes pain…gets turned on from being treated like a slave…” Dream did some mock calculations in his head as George rolled his eyes. “Yeah, definitely sounds like a freak to me.”

“Oh hush.” George wrapped his arms around Dream’s neck. “You said you’d make me cry, remember? You’re getting distracted.”

“Am I?” Dream chuckled. “All I’m trying to say is that I think you would fit in with my friends. Even though…you’re scared of them.”

A sudden noise made George jump: a creak from the back of the darkened room…a step…a breath. His body went stiff. Something was moving in the dark.

“Dream…Dream what…”

There was laughter, eerily familiar laughter - and then three unnaturally white faces appeared out of the dark.

“Miss us, Gogy?” Punz murmured, just as George realized he was shut in a room with three fucking clowns.

George might have screamed. He wasn’t entirely sure what noise came out of him as he covered his eyes, shaking his head, determined to imagine that they weren’t really there. Those awful creepy faces, those wide grins, the dark-ringed, skeletal eyes.

Dream pulled George’s hands down and gripped his wrists. “Oh that’s not very nice, Gogy,” he said sweetly. “I couldn’t let them miss out on the fun. Now you can get to know them better.”

George held his breath in an effort to stop whimpering. The clowns lingered in the dark, watching him, grinning at each other. His hands were shaking, heart pounding. George wrestled out of Dream’s grip and clung to his shirt, pressing his face against Dream so he wouldn’t see them.

“Do you want to leave?” Dream whispered tenderly in George’s ear. “Or do you want to face your fear and be a good boy for me?”

George forced himself to steady his breathing. These clowns had names, and under that makeup he knew they were human, even though his brain kept insisting they were monsters. George raised his head slowly from Dream’s chest, peering back at them. Their appearance was only made worse by the darkness in the room: the flickering candle flames made their features appear to shift and change in the blink of an eye. One of them - Schlatt - was crouched on the ground, eyes fixated on George. Grinning. Standing behind him, Punz was twirling something around his finger - something metallic that caught the light of the candles and flashed.
Handcuffs?
The pulsating adrenaline that had flooded through George at the sight of them began to calm. With the fading terror came a strange euphoria, pleasure wrapped in discomfort. 

George slowly raised his eyes to Dream. “I…I want to be a good boy…” he said softly. Then softer still, “You’re so fucking evil, Dream. I like that.”

Dream grinned, and for a moment, George could have sworn he looked proud. He kissed George’s forehead and said, “Be a good angel then: crawl over to them, and offer them your mouth.”

Dream stepped back, and without the barrier of Dream’s body between himself and the clowns, George felt as if he was looking at them down a long and narrow tunnel. George dropped to his knees and shuffled one hand in front of the other as he slowly made his way toward them, torn between not wanting to take his eyes off of them and desperately wanting to look away.
They’re only human, they’re only human.
They towered above him. George forced himself to raise his head and meet their dark eyes as they stared at him from the black pits they’d painted on their faces. George’s arms shook as he held them out in front of him, wrists together - an offering.

“You better lock those on me,” George said tightly, staring at the handcuffs Punz held.

George’s fight or flight response was strong, making him twitch. Forcing himself to submit, ignoring the instinct, was filling his body with such a rush of chemicals and hormones that it felt like a drug high.

“Such a good boy.” Punz locked the cuffs around George’s wrists, the cold metal sending goosebumps up his arms.

Once they were secured, Punz held up the tiny silver key in front of George’s face, and with a sadistic grin, rubbed it between his hands. George frowned, confused - but when Punz parted his hands, the key was gone. Vanished.

“You’re ours now, little angel,” Sam said, circling George.

George glanced back, and saw Dream lounging on the chest at the end of his bed, leaning back, elbows propped up on his mattress.

“Don’t forget your safeword,” Dream reminded. “Or three taps on their legs, if your mouth is…occupied.”

Dream’s gleaming teeth shone in the dark, and Schlatt grabbed hold of George’s face, forcing him to look back at them.

“You look even prettier like this,” Schlatt said, his voice raspy as he tried to keep his volume low.

He turned George’s face from side to side, and then George felt hands in his hair, caressing it…hands touching up his back…his neck. George felt like a helpless little doll, chained and obedient, scared but ready to be used.
Schlatt’s converse kicked apart George’s knees, spreading them, and Sam slowly lifted George’s skirt, before looking around with an exaggerated expression of shock.

“What a naughty angel. Wearing no panties, hmm?”

“Getting scared turns the little angel on,” said Dream. “I have a theory that the more he screams and struggles, the more horny he’ll get.”

George shuddered, the frightening words having exactly the effect Dream expected them to: George’s dick throbbed, his insides pulsing and clenching with the desire to be filled.
A hand gripped around George’s throat, and Punz’s face came close to George’s as he inhaled deeply, chuckling in George’s ear. His black painted lips brushed against George’s cheek, then down his neck, sending shivers over George’s skin. Sam came around to stand before George, and Schlatt moved back, out of George’s sight. Somehow, not being able to see them was even worse than having to stare at their creepy clown faces.
Sam unzipped the front of his black jumpsuit, baring his chest, all the way down to his thick, hard cock. Dark, bold tattoos covered him like a canvas. His ringed fingers gripped his dick and slowly stroked it, and George’s eyes were mesmerized by the sight.

“Can I…” George’s voice shook, forming words almost impossible. “Can I taste…please?”

More laughter from the three of them, laughter that seemed to echo all around George in the dark. Punz’s hands framed the sides of George’s face and his fingers pressed along George’s jaw, tipping his head up and back, holding him in place.

“Open your mouth,” Punz hissed in George’s ear.

Another hand gripped George’s hair, and in the corner of my vision, Schlatt leaned down. “Open wide,” he chuckled.

George obeyed, his mouth watering for a taste of that terrifying, thick cock. Sam entered George’s mouth, sliding over his tongue, slowly filling his throat as George obediently kept his mouth wide.

“Make him feel good,” Dream ordered, and George closed his lips around Sam’s cock, sucking gently, curling his tongue around his tip. Sam groaned and began to thrust into George, hitting the back of his throat. Punz tightened his grip on George’s face, holding him still as Sam used his mouth.

“Look up at him, angel,” Punz whispered, and George did his best to obey, his eyes wide as he stared up at Sam, his teeth bared viciously as Sam’s breath began to shudder from the pleasure.

Suddenly Schlatt released George’s hair and went to stand beside Sam, unzipping his suit and pulling aside his black briefs. George’s eyes widened looking at him: his dick was pierced, a curved silver bar fitted through the underside of his head. George had never seen that before - never even thought someone would do that - and he could scarcely imagine how that would feel inside his throat.
Sam tangled his hand in George’s hair, fucking into him, hard enough that George’s eyes filled with tears. Excitement spread through George as his cock throbbed, and Punz’s hands moved from George’s face to scratch down his back, leaving behind stinging lines from his nails. He reached George’s hips, gripped into him, then squeezed his flesh until it hurt and George groaned. His noise pushed Sam over the edge. He pressed deep into George’s throat, cursing as he came, filling George’s mouth with his cum.

“Good boy, Gogy,” George heard Dream get up from the bed and approach him, his boots clicking on the floor, and a chill went up George’s spine as he felt Dream’s fingers caressing the side of his neck.

George wasn’t sure how he was certain the touch was Dream’s - he just knew. Sam stepped back, steadying himself, and Schlatt wasted no time in taking his place. He was rough from the start, pressing deep and hard. The two smooth balls of his piercing pressed against George’s tongue, and when he reached the back of George’s throat George gagged, not used to the feeling of metal.

“Easy, angel,” Punz said, and his hands slid over George’s hips and down…down between his legs. “Schlatt isn’t very nice, is he?”

“Schlatt needs to be more careful.” Dream’s voice was a command, as was the grip he briefly had on Schlatt’s arm as he circled him.

Schlatt growled furiously, but he eased up on his pressure at the back of George’s throat, moving more slowly, allowing George the time to get used to his size and the curiosity of his barbell.
George tried to keep his eyes on Dream, his lingering fear calming as Dream stood back to watch, a stern face in the dark. But the clowns soon claimed George’s attention again; Punz’s hand slipped beneath George’s skirt, caressing over his dick, and George nearly came from the stimulation. He whimpered, dutifully flicking his tongue over Schlatt’s cock, savoring the taste of flesh and metal. Punz’s fingers slid lower - and pressed inside George.

“Oh, so wet, little angel,” he murmured.

Punz pumped his fingers into George, and when he withdrew them they were slick and wet. He watched the glistening strings spread between his fingers as he scissored them before he licked them clean. Then he was touching George again, stroking his dick at a slow, firm pace, until George’s folded legs began to shake.

“Make him cum, Gogy,” Dream said, slipping out of George’s sight again, circling the scene. Eager to obey, George bobbed his head to take Schlatt deeper, forcing himself to accept the press of the barbell against the back of his throat. Schlatt’s body grew tense, his movements harsh, George’s renewed enthusiasm making Schlatt moan.

“Such a good boy,” he growled.

His palm made contact with George’s face, a gentle sting, and George smiled as eagerly as he could with his mouth so full.
Punz’s stimulation over George’s dick had him shaking, his muscles tensing, bringing him to the edge of orgasm.

“He’s not allowed to cum,” Dream ordered, and Punz slowed his touches until it was nothing more than a tease, and George nearly screamed in frustration.

He would have screamed - if Schlatt hadn’t suddenly sucked in his breath, shaking as he came, filling George’s mouth.
George swallowed it down, gasping, his head light as he finally had a moment to breath normally. Every nerve in his body felt as if it were on fire, sensitive to the slightest touch, and the high of his flooding hormones made everything feel surreal. George’s whole world was that dark room, those three laughing clowns, the taste of their cum in his mouth…and Dream, watching over it all like a demonic god.
George pulled on his cuffs for a brief moment, just to feel the metal dig into his skin, brutally unbreakable. Punz was the only one who remained now to be pleased, and slowly, he withdrew his fingers from George and brought them to George’s lips.

“Be a good boy,” he urged, and George sucked his fingers obediently, savoring his own taste, salty and smooth. He sucked on his fingers like he wanted to suck Punz’s dick, and Punz chuckled as George did it.

“Well shit. How can I resist that?”

George looked up at him with a dazed smile as Punz stood and leaned over. The others watched, wordless, the sound of their panting breath harsh. There were footsteps behind George, and Dream gently kissed the top of George’s head.

“Am I doing good?” George asked, his words stumbling and slow as he looked back Dream.

Dream smiled at him, and George’s heart seemed to swell. There were so many small details George noticed about Dream now, even in the dim light - how his ears were pierced but he wasn’t wearing earrings, that there was a crookedness to his nose as if it had broken before, that there were tiny scars around his lips and cheekbones. He was handsome…almost pretty. His eyes looked dangerous but his features were soft, hardened only by the tension in his jaw.

“Very good, angel. So good that I have a little surprise for you.”

Excitement bloomed in George. Then there was a click, and something glinted in the firelight. Something metallic, gripped in Dream’s hand.

“You asked about this earlier,” he said, turning the knife in his hand so that every movement caught the light and glowed like the sun. “You asked if I still carried it. I do. It’s the same one, the one I scared your ex off with. It goes everywhere with me, and it’s always kept sharp.”

George’s breath felt cold in his chest as he watched the knife. The thrill of that danger, so close, made George want to both laugh and cry. The candle flames were reflected back in Dream’s eyes, a burning hellfire in his gaze. George realized Dream had taken out his white contact, but he found him no less intimidating. George couldn’t look away, even as his heart started up a drum’s beat against his ribcage.

“This is a butterfly knife.” There was another click, a flash, and the blade disappeared - folded back into the curved handle grasped in Dream’s hand. Then just as quickly - click, flash - it was out again, spun through his fingers like magic. “They take a lot of practice to handle correctly…and a lot of cut fingers.”

The sight of the blade was mesmerizing. George felt hypnotized, unable to look away, as if he was gazing at a holy relic. Dream lightly touched George’s face, drawing George’s attention back to his eyes.

“Do you want to play, angel?” Dream asked softly, and gave the knife a little shake. “With this?”

For a moment, George forgot to breath. He nodded eagerly. “Yes…yes please…”

“Do you trust me?” The knife flashed. George’s heart pounded.

“Yes,” George gulped. “I trust you, Master.”

The blade came closer…it kissed against George’s cheek and George gasped at the cold touch. It traced down, light against George’s skin, to nestle against the soft, tender flush just under his ear.

“I won’t hurt you, angel,” Dream said. “I only want to remind you who’s in charge. I only want to remind you to keep being such a good boy. So when Punz’s finished, you can finally earn your reward. Understand?”

“Yes,” George answered quickly, resisting the urge to nod in his enthusiasm.

That knife should have terrified George, it should have made him scream. But George hadn’t lied: he trusted Dream, he trusted Dream not to hurt him - not in ways he wouldn’t like.
George never thought he could experience so much pleasure just from words, so much ecstasy from fear.

He looked up at Punz and whimpered softly. “Please…please use me…”

Punz entered George’s mouth, moving slowly, sliding his length teasingly over George’s tongue. When George looked up at him, and saw that clown face smiling back, he felt terror twist his gut. But the fear only increased his pleasure, and made his insides tighten with desire. Dream stood behind George, holding the knife tenderly against his skin as punz still thrusted him.

“You’re doing so well, angel, I’m so proud.” Dream spoke gently, his voice soothing. “You look so pretty with your mouth filled up with a dick.”

His words made George squirm excitedly. Pleasing Dream felt so good, knowing that he was enjoying what he saw. George had to keep almost entirely still - he didn’t want to risk a cut by moving too suddenly. Instead he did his best to stroke Punz’s cock with his tongue as Punz moved in and out of his throat. 
Punz changed his pace as he wished, using George’s mouth like a toy, gripping his hair to steady himself. Punz pressed himself, deep and slow, into the back of George’s throat, moaning as George squeezed around him. He began to move faster, harder, gripping George tighter. Dream’s lips brushed against George’s neck, sending chills up his spine. Dream left feather-soft kisses beside the blade, praising George for his endurance, his obedience. 
George moaned and Punz gasped, his breath hitching as his movements became rougher. When he spilled in George’s mouth, he pressed himself deep - George nearly choked as Punz pumped into his throat. But when he pulled back, George still managed to swallow it all, and smiled victoriously.

“Thank you,” George whispered.

His chin was wet with saliva - it had even dripped down to his nipples and onto his bra. The knife left his throat and Dream pulled George’s head back, a wide smile on his face as he kissed him. His mouth utterly consumed George, his tongue caressing around George’s. Dream pulled George up higher onto his knees, and when their mouths parted, Dream trailed kisses across George’s cheek and down his throat, biting gently at his tender skin before planting a final kiss on his collar bone and pulling away.

“We need our privacy now, boys,” Dream said. “Leave us.”



A lot of things change after high school. Straight-A students become deadbeats, shy nerds are suddenly married with kids, guys who swore they were going to join the NFL end up joining the Marines instead. People make all kinds of weird decisions once they hit adulthood - like Sapnap, for example, decided to start inviting freaks to his parties.
It was late October, Halloween weekend to be exact. The night was cold, an icy breeze whipping up flurries of golden leaves down the quiet suburban streets. Sapnap’s neighborhood was gated, requiring check-in at the gatehouse before anyone could even drive their car through. A list of guests had been left with the guard, and he checked it meticulously as George showed him his ID. 
“George NotFound, hm?” he said, tapping his pen repeatedly on his clipboard. George gave him a tense, impatient smile, and glanced back at the line of cars that had begun to form behind them. Sapnap was known for his massive parties - dozens if not hundreds of guests would fill his parents’ massive house, pool, and sizeable backyard. That was one thing that hadn’t changed after high school: none of us had given up partying.
“And you are…?” the guard glanced past George to the passenger in his Corol la, George’s best friend since Freshman year.
“Karl,” he said, staring down at his phone as he typed. “Do you, like…need my ID or something?”
“No, no, you’re alright. So are you boys headed to a Halloween party?” George could feel the guard’s eyes lingering on his body - at least what guard could see of it through the window. Both Karl and George had dressed up as angels - slutty, sexy angels. George’s sheer white bra would’ve shown off his nipple piercings if it wasn’t for the pasties he slapped on underneath, and if he happened to bend over in his short satin skirt people would definitely be getting a view of his thong. Their angel wings were small, made of white feathers, clipped to the back of their bras.
George was getting really tired of this old perv trying to make small talk. He had no doubt about that guard has already seen their names on the list and was just trying to get them to have a conversation with him. George impatiently glanced back as yet another car pulled into line. The truck right behind them was shaking and rumbling, absolute hell for George’s ears. Something about the ugly old beast looked familiar…
Then George saw the guy driving, and immediately remembered where he had seen the truck before.

“Fucking Dream Wastaken is behind us!” George blurted, as soon as the guard finally buzzed them through. 

Karl immediately looked up from his phone, turned, and strained in his seat to look into the truck as they left it behind at the gate.
“You have got to be kidding,” he said. “Are you sure? I can’t see anything with those headlights.”

“I saw him. And that’s his same old shitty truck.”

“You don’t…you don’t think…” Karl sat back in his seat, giving George a serious look. “You don’t think Sapnap invited him, do you?”

“Oh God, hell no,” George winced in disgust. “Sapnap wouldn’t invite that weirdo. Not after what happened.”

“Remember, Sapnap has been on that whole “acceptance for everyone” kick since he took that Philosophy class,” Karl said warningly. “And it’s not like Dream lives here. Why else would he be in this neighborhood?”

George shook his head. “No way have Sapnap’s invite standards dropped that low. Besides, literally everyone from high school is freaked out over Dream. Yeah, it’s been a couple years, but no one really forgets the kid who almost stabbed someone.”

Karl folded his arms with a little shudder and George sped up, putting the old truck further behind them. All the houses in Sapnap’s neighborhood were massive, sitting on wide lawns behind tall wrought-iron gates, shaded by old trees. George could hear the music before he even turned the corner onto Sapnap’s street. Cars lined the sidewalk, but he managed to find a spot just a short walk away.

“Sooo, like, not to bring up shameful moments,” Karl spoke slowly, popping his bubblegum before he went on. “But didn’t you and Dream have, like, a thing?”

George sighed heavily. Why did Karl have to bring that up? “We made out in the bathroom once, but that’s not a thing.” Karl raised his eyebrows at George skeptically. 

“It’s not a thing!”

Karl made a face.

“I mean…Quackity thought it was a thing.” George scoffed. “Quackity and I weren’t even together. We were so on and off.”

“Oookay, but were you on, or off?”

“Apparently Quackity thought we were on,” George rolled his eyes. “That’s why he was such an asshole about it.”

“Yeah, but I mean, Dream did pull a knife on him. What kind of freak carries a knife to high school?”

The kind of freak who anticipated George’s ex’s anger and came prepared for it. Quackity had always been an asshole to Dream - he’d been an asshole to everyone, but Dream in particular. He was the perfect victim: quiet, head down, usually dressed in black, with a denim jacket covered in patches. Dream had run with the Goth crowd, the skaters, even the anime kids. He’d somehow managed to get his foot in every reject group possible. He was a good punching bag for Quackity, especially once Quackity realized that Dream and I…had… 
Not a thing, no. But as much as George had teased Dream - little stuck-up cheerleader that George was - Dream teased back. They had the misfortune of their lockers being next to each other, so there was no avoiding the sight of Dream’s annoying face. There were days they would bicker back and forth in the halls all the way to class, name-calling, insulting, laughing -
George wasn’t really sure if it was normal to develop a crush on his nemesis, but one thing led to another and…then Quackity found out that George has actually kissed Manson. It was social suicide for George, but it was a great way to piss off his ex.

Quackity and his three friends had cornered Dream in the boys’  bathroom. They planned to beat him - Quackity told George some shit later about “defending his honor.” But Dream had came prepared. 
Dream had to have known what he was getting into when he kissed George: he was Quackity’s ex, Captain of the cheerleading squad, one of the most popular guys in school.
He’d tugged Dream into the bathroom, four days after Quackity and him broke up, and made out with Dream against the cold tile wall. 

“You know it was all just to make Quackity mad anyway,” George said briskly, re-applying his lipgloss in the visor mirror. “He hated that kid. Plus Quackity had dumped me for Sam! Obviously I had to piss him off.”

“Yeah, well, it worked,” Karl shrugged. “Quackity got mad, you got back together, and then you broke up again anyway.” Karl rolled his eyes. “You could’ve picked someone else to piss him off with. Dream looks like he’d be into, like…killing small animals.”

A sudden, intense urge to deny Karl’s assessment rose up in George. George has said worse things about Dream to his face, but when someone else said it, it irritated him in a way he couldn’t fully understand.
George shook it off. That was the past, petty high school drama. He was better off not dwelling on it. George reached into the backseat to grab his bag, and Karl suddenly clutched his arm.
“Dream at twelve o’ clock,” he muttered. 
George looked up slowly. Dream’s big truck had pulled over to park in front of them. Oh my god. No…no, he couldn’t actually be here for the party…
The truck door opened. Dream was a tall, slim guy, and he looked even taller in his tight jeans and lace-up leather boots. He was wearing a black t-shirt that hugged his chest and was criss-crossed with some kind of leather straps - a harness? He had a mohawk in high school, but now his dirty blonde hair was slicked back. As he hopped out of the truck and slammed his door shut, he carefully fit a shiny vinyl officer’s hat on his head.

“Oh my god, look down, look down, look down!” Karl tried to warn George, but it was too late.

Dream walked past their car and locked eyes with George, freezing him in his seat. He had one white contact in, giving an eerie look to his face. George gulped as Dream passed, unable to look away, unable to blink.
He grinned at George - a slow, appraising grin. Then he was gone, down the sidewalk toward the party. George sighed, slumping in his seat. Maybe Dream hadn’t recognized him. Maybe he didn’t remember him at all!
But George could remember. He could still picture Dream’s face when he was escorted to the principal’s office. He has known what Quackity was going to do, and he has texted Dream the night before, the only text George has ever sent him, telling him not to come to school. He came anyway. When all the boys were finally dragged out of the bathroom, Dream had been the one taken away by the two campus guards. He had that big purple bruise on his left cheek, a drip of blood running down his chin from a split lip, and a grim smile on his face.
George felt weird as he thought about it, and squirmed uncomfortably. There was something scary about the way Dream looked, but George couldn’t get his face out of his head.
Dream came that day knowing what was going to happen, and pulled a knife on six-foot-three Quackity and his jock friends. 
George wanted to kiss Dream again as he saw him escorted off. He wanted to text Dream when he found out he has been expelled. George wanted to tell Dream that he was proud because Dream defended himself, that Quackity had deserved the scare, that he didn’t blame Dream for bringing the knife.
But George never did any of those things. He had a reputation to uphold and Dream didn’t fit into it.

“What. A. Creep.” Karl said, opening the door. “We’re avoiding him like the plague. Hopefully he gets kicked out.”

“Hopefully,” George muttered, as he slid on his heels.

The shoes were strappy and tall, with a white filigree pattern that zipped all the way up to his knee. George caught his reflection in the car window and smiled. He loved making an entrance.
The walkway up to the house was lined with jack-o-lanterns, candles flickering inside their wide grinning faces. Plastic skeletons hung from the pillars beside the house’s entry doors, and fake gravestones littered the grass across the front yard. The thumping bass of a live DJ pounded through his chest as he pressed the doorbell. It was only seconds before a middle-aged woman with bleached blonde hair and a glass of Sangria flung open the door.

“Oh my goooodddd, Georgeeeeee!” she screeched, wrapping George in a tight hug that squished him against her fake tits. “And Karl, oh my god, welcome boys!”

“Hi, Mrs. Esther,” George gave her a smile as they stepped into the entryway. 

Mrs. Esther was the literal definition of a “cool mom” - she was always present at her son’s parties, laughing, dancing, and drinking. She was one of those parents who didn’t really seem like a parent - but every now and then would drop some wisdom that could only come from decades of experience on the planet.
The pale cream walls and decorative mahogany table in the entry room had been strewn with fake cobwebs, and the light bulbs in the chandelier overhead switched out for blacklights. Lifelike mannequins of zombie babies were tucked into the corners and stared down at us from the stairway. The house was packed, as George expected. There were dozens of people he knew - some friendly, some not. Being captain of the cheerleading squad and dating the football team’s star quarterback had definitely earned him some enemies, even after graduation. George knew he hasn’t been the nicest person in high school either - but whatever. The past was the past.

Karl and George poured themselves some drinks and wandered the party, meeting up with friends and making small-talk, admiring the house’s creepy decor. Sapnap had always made sure to go all-out with his party decorations. The sangria was held in a giant witch’s cauldron, the cheese dip had been molded into the shape of a brain, and even the hors d’oeuvres looked like creepy little spiders and severed fingers.
Outside, people dove into the heated pool and played drinking games at the several tables that had been setup to host beer pong and King’s Cup. The DJ played on the cobweb-strewn gazebo, wearing a bright red suit and devil horns. The backyard was large, covered with grass, with rows of bushes lining the stone wall that surrounded it. 
Near the beer pong tables they finally found Sapnap, shot-gunning a beer before he leaped - fully clothed - into the pool. But he hasn’t been drinking alone. He’s been chugging alongside none other than Dream, who tossed aside his empty beer can with a smile and laughed as Sapnap went diving.
George felt like he stepped into the Uncanny Valley. George’s been a little out of the loop since he started college, but this was all wrong. Why the hell was Dream’s gaze finally broke as Sapnap clasped his hand companionably and said, “Nice job, bro. Just not fast enough!”

“This is so fucking weird,” Karl whispered. “Since when are they friends?”

George shrugged, trying not to linger on the topic. The more he thought about it, and the more he looked at Dream, the more awkward he felt. And “awkward” wasn’t a normal feeling for him at all.
A round of beer pong had just ended, so Karl and George stepped up to challenge the winners. George had always been a competitive person - whether it was cheerleading or beer pong, he hated to lose. They sank the opposing team’s cups quickly, taking them down within a few minutes and getting a nice buzz while they were at it. With the game over, George realized that a small crowd had gathered to watch them play. Dream was watching too. Watching George.
Again, the fear that Dream hated him gripped George’s chest, but George couldn’t wrap his mind around why he cared. He haven’t seen or thought of Dream in years. Their kiss had faded into the background of their memories, as had all their tense interactions, all his cruel words and haughty looks. It had faded - until he saw Dream tonight. Now it all crashed back into George like a punch to the chest.
George thought of the bruise under Dream’s eye after Quackity had gone after him…the blood on his lip…but none of that shit was George’s fault. Okay, maybe some of it was his fault…and sure, most of his interactions with Dream had been George teasing him and calling him names…but Dream teased him back! All he has done was kiss him.
And Dream kissed him back.
George spent way too much time since then trying to figure out why. Why Dream?
It hasn’t been because Dream’s quiet, brooding looks that had always scared George, and things that scared him were irresistible. It hasn’t been because behind that shy, withdrawn exterior George was certain there was a beast lying in wait. It hasn’t been because Dream’s lips were surprisingly soft, and when George kissed him Dream wrapped his hand around George’s throat, and his heart had fluttered for a second -
No. It hasn’t been because of any of that. At all. It was just petty high school shit that they were all better off forgetting.

“Who’s next?” Karl laughed, sipping down the last of his drink. “Come on, who’s the next challenger?”

“I’ll give it go.”

George’s heart sank into his shoes. Dream had stepped up. Now that he was closer, standing almost directly in front of George across the table, he could see that Dream become muscular since George has last seen him. Dream wasn’t bulky, but his biceps strained against the sleeves of his shirt and his chest was tight beneath the leather harness he wore. What was up with that harness anyway? What the hell was he supposed to be dressed as? Was it some kind of fetish thing?

“Uh, sure, okay,” Karl sounded irritated. “Who’s your teammate?”

Dream shrugged. “Just me. Me against him.” He pointed at George. It was a struggle for George to keep his mouth from falling open. He hid his discomfort behind the best resting bitch face he could manage.

“Yeah, maybe you haven’t noticed, but we’re playing in teams,” George said slowly, sarcastically.

“Aw, scared you’ll lose if you play alone?”

His voice was taunting, familiar. It was the same way Dream has spoken to him in high school when he’d snap back at George’s teasing. Except now his voice was steadier. He was almost cocky in the way he carried himself, his mannerisms, his tone. Dream knew how to get to George.

George laughed. “Oh, honey, no. More like I’ll be bored with how easy beating you will be.”

“I take it you accept the challenge then,” he said, bouncing the little white ball on the table. “I mean, it’s an easy victory for you after all, right?”

George’s jaw clenched. He wanted to snap out something rude, but Sapnap interrupted them.

“Woah, guys, if you’re gonna go one versus one, let’s make this a little more interesting!” Sapnap came up to the table, sharpie in hand, and began to write on their cups: a single word on some and nothing on others. As he wrote on one closest to George, he glimpsed what it said: DARE.

“Drink or dare!” he exclaimed. “Same house rules except if you make it in one of your opponent’s “dare” cups, they have the option to do your dare instead of lose the cup.” Sapnap smiled slyly. “Any dare you want. No boundaries.”

The crowd began to cheer, then chant, “Drink or dare! Drink or dare! Drink or dare!” It was exactly the kind of spectacle a bunch of shit-faced college students would love - and with that many eyes on George, he’d never live it down if he backed out.

“Fine,” he said, picking up his ball. “I hope you’re ready to be humiliated, Dream. Oh wait…but you’re already used to humiliation, aren’t you?”

The crowd rippled with laughter. They knew exactly what George was talking about. They all knew. Dream may have managed to get on Sapnap’s good side, but that didn’t mean everyone had forgotten where he came from.
Dream just smiled as they went eye to eye.

“So you do remember my name. I’m flattered, George. Mr Popular remembers who I am, oh wow!” His voice was dripping with sarcasm. He lined up his shot, and said, “I guess I was such a good kisser that you can’t forget my name.”

Less people knew about that. Far less. But there were still murmurs and gasps of “oooh, shit!” from those who did know. George winced, instantly irritated as his face grew hot. That grin of Dream’s was unnerving - so unnerving that George missed his cup and lost the eye to eye. He swore softly. George couldn’t let Dream get under his skin.

“So how’s Quackity been, Gogy?” Dream said as he lined up his first shot.

“I wouldn’t know,” George said sharply. “We’re not together.”

“Aww, too bad. Prom King and Queen didn’t get their happily-ever-after. What a sad world. Shocking, honestly.” Dream’s ball flew through the air and sunk - luckily not in a dare cup.

George didn’t know what kind of dares Dream might come up with, but he didn’t want to find out. George guzzled down the cheap beer and set the cup aside.

“I was surprised to see you here, Dream,” George said, taking aim. “I didn’t know Sapnap was extending invites to dogs.”

More laughter, even from Dream. The words bounced off of him like ping pong balls. The routine felt familiar. The longer they snapped back and forth, the more George’s heart raced.

“Everyone likes dogs,” Dream said, leaning down behind the cups so that as George aimed, he was forced to meet his eyes. Dream was so damn distracting - and creepy - with that one white contact in. “And those who don’t, well…only assholes kick a dog and expect not to get bit.”

“You still carrying knives around?” George tried to sound condescending, but his voice shot up in pitch.

“Always.” So serious. So damn serious. 

George’s hand shook, and the ball flew - made it in! A dare cup too! He folded his arms victoriously
“So what’s your dare, Gogy?” he said, looking at the cup musingly. “I might just take it.”


heather grabs my arm and yanks me into the gym, “you look good,” she says looking me up and down. “um,” i say feeling slightly uncomfortable, “thanks” 
she nods, smiling and takes me over to the drink table. “my favorite spot,” she says pouring herself one of the many combinations of bottles and pitchers on the table. 

i lean against a wall, almost praying nobody finds me. though after awhile sapnap finds me and exclaims, “OH MY! quackity! karl! look at clay!” they both glance over and roll they’re eyes. “i look that good huh?” i say smirking. “yeah! you look… amazing! i love the green” i look down at my green suit, “thanks i guess,” 

“you wanna drink?” she asks. “nah nah im fine…” i say not wanting to ruin my night, or in fact… my blue suit. she shrugs and turns to her friend, as she walks over. i walk away, this was probably a mistake… i bump into someone and turn to shout but u see who it is. 

“watch it there sweetheart, wouldnt wanna ruin that hair.” i watch as his face twists up, thinking about what to retort. “whatever… your just a jerk.” i smirks and reply, “im the jerk now.. hmph woulda never thought,” 

im about to yell something back at him when i feel an arm tug me away. “he’s not worth your energy george,” i see as clay tenses up and says jerkily back, “oh yeah, go and have fun with your new girlfriend george, dance the night away for all i care.” 

he scoffs, “maybe i will.” then marches off with heather, damn. he thinks im the jerk! wth is wrong with that guy…

i take a deep breath and heather adds, “he’s just a jerk, he might be popular, but he’s just a jerk, dont bother with him,” i nod, “alright,” 

i stand there, in the middle of the dance floor, crossing my arms and feeling stupid for a while. then sapnap comes over and gently taps my arm, “hey are you ok?” “NO. FUCKING GEORGE THINKS IM A JERK. ugh… why does he always make me think IM the one who did something wrong!!???” he shrugs and says, “i dunno clay… d’you wanna dance?” i frown, whats even the point. why tf do i even care… “sure sap.” his face lights up but mine stays the same. we dance for a while, not that im paying attention to him or what he’s saying. my mind is working, and working, trying to find an answer that would fit. suddenly he kissed me and i get flung back to reality. after a few seconds i pull away from him. i shake my head, closing my eyes. “nononononono.” i turn and run away from him, not caring how many people i bump into. except i do. somehow. in some fucking way. i bump into george again. 

“having a nice night george!?” he spits at me. i snort and reply, “you bet.” even though im lying. he scoffs, “oh, im really happy to hear that. its great that you’re having the time of your life. lucky for you im having the fucking worst night of MY life. and with that he rolls his eyes and storms away through the crowd. “hey, lets go outside-” heather says, coming up behind me. “good idea,” i say, still thinking about what clay said.
George barely registers Karl fighting the man’s hold. He intakes the first complete breath in a while and frees one of his wrists, striking forward with as much force as he can muster. The man’s face snaps to the side and he growls in annoyance. 

Before his friend can kick the man in the crotch, he catches Karl across the waist and throws him roughly to the floor, knocking the wind out of him.

“Let go you asshole!” George snarls. The man pays him no mind and pins both of the brunette’s wrists to the side, slamming his body against his chest. White spots cloud George’s vision as the air is knocked out of his lungs.

“Inutile.” Karl mutters, clutching his bruised side and looking at the people around him who were either oblivious or didn’t care about what was going on. He knows he can’t do this by himself. The longer he waits the worse things are going to get. “George hold on, I’ll get help!” 

 The Brit wriggles exhaustedly, turning his chin away in defiance. He sees his friend getting up, calling something over his shoulder as he sprints into the crowd. Hurry the fuck up Karl, George screams in his head. He bites his attacker’s hand hard, shoving away from him as the man lets go in surprise. 

Before he can slip away, he’s backhanded hard across the face. “Essere difficili eh?” He catches the brunette’s throat again, the spiked gold on his fingers digging into his flesh. George gags as the drunken man removes his hand, pressing his wormy lips onto his. Burning tears spring from his eyes as he feels his lip split as teeth sink into the soft skin, the little remaining strength filtering out of him. 




Karl sprints through the crowd, not giving a single shit about the people he was knocking over. His height gave him a small advantage, spotting a head of messy blonde hair over the horde of dancing figures. He makes a beeline for the man, startling him as he grabs his arm tightly. 

Dream groans in annoyance, checking his phone. Wilbur had gone to use the restroom, probably to puke, and George still wasn’t back yet. He couldn’t even see the bar because of all this stupid smoke. There’s no way getting a small drink plus a water cup is taking this long. At this point, the effect of the alcohol was going away pretty quickly, fading to a pleasant buzz. He didn’t even need the damn water.

Out of nowhere, Karl comes sprinting at him, a hurried look on his face. Before he can ask, he’s being pulled roughly through the crowd. “Are you drunk!? What the fuck?” Dream shouts.

“He needs you! It’s George, just come on-” Karl screams over the music. The tall man takes the hint, running alongside him past the bar, to the side of the club. 

“Did he pass out or something?” Dream pants urgently. He receives no answer as they pass the bar, almost losing him as the man takes a turn to the back. 

The sight ahead of him was enough to stop him in his tracks, freezing his blood flow. George was pressed up against the wall, face screwed up in disgust and fear as a man twice the size of him pressed his lips against his. 

This guy was huge, muscles rippling across his back and shoulders. The movement of the silver from a half-opened zipper startles Dream out of his stupor, the man developing tunnel vision as rage flows into him where the shock faded. In two long strides he shoves the man off of the Brit, pressing his body in between them. 

He pushes Karl who was trying to help out of harm’s way and slams his fist into the startled assaulter’s noise, hearing cartilage crunch as he stumbles back.

 “Karl get him out of here.” Dream growls, his gaze concentrated on the man who held fury in his gaze, his nose bleeding and broken. In his peripherals, he notices Karl gently takes his friend’s hand, leading him away from the area.

Adrenaline and cortisol pump through his veins as he stalks forward to beat the living shit out of the person who dared touch his best friend. Hands fly forward and wrap around his throat, and the blonde gasps in surprise. In return he spits in the guy’s face, ramming his knee into his balls. 

The crazed Italian howls in agony, using his body weight to slam the blonde to the floor. Crushing the other’s lungs, the muscular man delivers several blows to his face, spiked rings cutting the freckled skin. Dream inhales with difficulty, trying to flip them over. 

Out of the blue, glass showers around them and the man’s hold loosens abruptly, falling to the floor next to the blonde, passed out cold.

“Get off him bitch.” Sapnap stands there in all his glory, holding a now shattered beer bottle in his hand. He kicks the guy’s leg off of his friend, holding out his hand as Dream rests his head against the floor in exhaustion. 

“Shit dude.” He winces, glimpsing at his friend’s beaten face. 

Dream takes a minute, leaning his hands on his knees in pain. “Is it that bad? Actually don’t answer that.” He holds his chest, catching his breath. “How the hell did you see me?”

“I bumped into Karl and George near the bar. They told me to come over here. I didn’t realize you were here getting the shit beaten out of you. What did you do to that guy?” Sapnap asks, his hand hovering over the blonde’s shoulder in concern.

“We need to-” Dream heaves, wiping the blood from his lip. “We need to get George. Come on.” He plows through the staring eyes and gasping expressions, eyes primed on the exit. Sapnap hurries after him, asking him question after question. The tall man ignores him, trying to rid his brain of the shrill ringing giving him a headache. 




They step out into the humid breeze and look around to see two figures standing on the side of the road. “George?” Sapnap frowns. Karl was embracing the shorter man, the other staring at the floor, still in shock. 

Dream sprints over to the two and Karl lets go, letting the taller man approach his friend. He avoids touching the other man until he’s given permission to do so, instead scanning the Brit’s injuries. His heart burns like it’s been dunked into stomach acid at the sight. There were bruises littering the other’s shoulders, all shaped like fingers. He follows the marks up his neck to the brunette’s face, inspecting the large red blotch on his right cheek and his swollen bottom lip that was torn and bleeding. 

George seems to snap out of it, focusing his stare on the taller man’s chest, unable to look up into his eyes. Dream holds his arms out hesitantly and the shorter man falls into them, letting himself be held securely. He doesn’t want to come out and see the pitying expressions around him so he shoves his face into the crook of the blonde’s neck, ignoring the burning ache to cry. 

Dream’s heart stills in his chest as he hears the smaller man emit what sounded like a mix between a sob and a whine, clearing his throat to smother it. It makes him want to find that asshole for round two. The taller man lets out a curse as his knees buckle. Maybe not right this minute. 

George slips out of his grip, looking up at his friend’s face and gulping at the view. Several small cuts were open and bleeding, littering the other’s face. The skin around his left eye was crimson red, almost swollen shut and the man looked about ready to keel over. “Let’s go home, you’re not looking too great.” He speaks calmly. 

“George-” Dream holds his wrist, bringing it closer to his vision. The entire circumference of the skin was painted in dark red and deep purple and he immediately recoils as the other yanks his hand away.

The Brit averts his gaze and holds his arms to his sides. “Sorry.”




Karl finishes his explanation and Sapnap purses his lips in suppressed fury, suddenly relishing the memory of cracking that glass over the bastard’s sick head. He approaches the Brit, easing his gaze and interrupting what looked like a staring contest between his two friends. “Can I,” Sapnap hesitates, unsure what to do. 

George nods, resting his chin against the man’s shoulder. “It looks worse than it is, it’s fine.” He manages, pulling away as he hears the honk of the taxi Karl had caught. The Brit walks away from the other man’s frown, getting in and helping Dream after him.

“What about the others?” Sapnap asks, turning to Karl as they hurry over to the waiting vehicle. 

“I texted Techno. He’s finding everyone. Don’t worry about that.” Karl shakes his head, getting into the passenger seat. Sapnap settles into the back, glancing at the brunette who was leaning tiredly against Dream’s shoulder, blankly staring ahead. 

George inhales steadily, his raw throat not making it easy. He just wants to get home so he can put this behind him by himself. No need to ruin anything just because he was irresponsible and got himself stuck in a bad situation. 

The brunette closes his eyes as nausea rolls through him, trying to think about anything else other than that. On top of everything, he has to apologize to Dream for having to save him. 




They get back to their apartment and Karl turns to leave when George calls his name. “Thank you.” He mumbles sincerely. “Ice your bruises. It’ll help.” The man nods slightly, exchanging a look with Sapnap. 

“I’ll see you guys tomorrow. Take care of yourselves.” Karl utters kindly, before leaving them alone in the doorway. 

Before anyone can say anything, George turns to Sapnap looking him over. He seemed to be uninjured. “You look fine,” George turns to Dream and winces in guilt. “You look like shit, come on.” He takes Dream’s arm and pulls him toward their room, wanting to avoid confrontation as much as possible. 

“George,” Dream pulls his elbow out of his friend’s grasp. “That’s not the fucking concern right now!”

Sapnap shoots the tall man an annoyed look at his language in a time like this. “He’s right George. I think we should talk about it-“

“Can you guys drop it? I don’t really want to talk about it.” He answers coldly. Sapnap and Dream fall silent and George swallows, looking to the side. They were just trying to help and he was being a complete asshole. He opts to stay silent and pushes past them, walking to his shared bedroom. 




“Ok go.” Sapnap sighs as he watches the tall man lean against the wall, running a hand through his hair. 

“I don’t know what to do Sap. I doubt he even wants to talk to me, all this is my fucking fault in the first place.” Dream states, chewing his lip. 

“There’s no way you could have known, get that through your head.” Sapnap says firmly. “And if he wants to talk to anyone it’s going to be you. You stopped it before it got really bad.” 

The taller man hums, glancing down the hall. “By the way, nice swing. Thanks for saving my ass.” 

“What would you do without me yada yada, save it. I know I’m awesome.” Sapnap grins. 

“Oh fuck off.” Dream rolls his eyes, suppressing a smile. “Night.” 

“Goodnight man.” 

Dream strolls through the hallway, knocking on the door before entering the dimly lit room. He hears the shower turn on in the bathroom and sighs in relief. He sits down on the bed delicately, lifting his shirt and looking down at the aray of contusions coloring his skin, hurting like hell. 

It feels like he’s been sitting for hours, vacantly staring at the ceiling waiting for George to come out. When he finally does, Dream’s gaze shoots to him, taking in the long-sleeved cotton shirt and fleece pajamas the Brit had on. 

Instead of returning his gaze, George walks over to the corner of the room, pulling out the large red box stuffed in between his clothes. The blonde watches as his friend walks over to him, sitting down. The slightly reddened eyes scan his face, a look of concern shown with pursed lips and furrowed brows.

It was one of the things that was beautifully admirable and unbearably annoying about the Brit. Even when he’s the person that needs help, he always puts everyone else before him before tending to himself. 

“Is you getting hurt because of me going to be a regular occurrence now?” George questions, trying to release the tension and failing miserably while he rubs hand sanitizer over his hands. 

“There’s no way you think this is your fault.” Dream splutters. 

“Isn’t it?” George asks, lips looping downwards. “I was being an idiot and got myself in a bad situation. The pathetic part is I couldn’t even get myself out of it, you had to step in and look at what you got because of it.” He says dejectedly, gesturing at Dream’s injured face. 

“Wait, hold up George. First of all, you weren’t being an idiot. You were just having fun at a club which is the point of going. Second, nothing about that was pathetic. That fucker had to be three times the size of you and you still managed to hold him off long enough for me to get there.” Dream rants. “Also, are you forgetting that I’m trained in self-defense? And I still almost got my ass kicked if it weren’t for Sapnap. The fact that you held him off for longer while he was doing that shit to you is amazing, not pathetic.” He breaks off, heart racing and cheeks pink from effort. The Brit stares at the man who was looking him dead in the eye, sincerity pouring out of him. 

“Plus, I left you alone. If anything it’s my fault.” The blonde mutters. 

George snaps his gaze down at that. “Shut up, I’m not listening to this.” He shakes his head, pulling out a soft towel and wetting it with water. “Can I?

He looks up to find his friend staring at his neck with a steely glare. “Dream,” He calls, adjusting his shirt to cover the marks as much as he can. The man looks at the towel in the brunette’s hand and nods. 

George scouches closer, skin creasing in concentration as he cleans the drying blood off the man’s face, rubbing until the lacerations can be seen clearly. He goes back into the kit and grabs q-tips and petroleum gel, his eyes softening as he applies it, careful not to bother the injuries. He then dresses the cuts, holding them together with small strips of medical adhesive tape. 

As his friend was treating his wounds, Dream watches his expressions change from focus to apology if he accidentally touches the inside of a wound. As the other turns his face, Dream can see the red mark still evident on his cheek. He hadn’t noticed it before, it was a full handprint. “Did that bastard slap you?” He asks, his tone chilly.

“Yeah he did.” George puts away the supplies. “I bit his hand.” He flushes pink at the look of pride on his friend’s face. “Can you close that eye?”

Dream chooses to stay silent and does what the Brit asked. He feels slender fingers pull his eyelid down, gently touching around the outside of his eyeball. He then asks him to open his eye and look down, stretching the skin to examine the area. 

“Good. There’s no fractures in the bone and your eye isn’t red and swollen so there isn’t any internal bleeding.” George exhales, relieved. He looks back, catching his friend watching him with an obscure look. “What?” 

Dream flickers his gaze away. “Nothing. I just-there’s no way you got all of that just by following your mom around the hospital right? That’s crazy.” 

“Please, that was an understatement. I was at the hospital pretty much every day after school, I’m practically a nurse. I would even treat my mom’s patients from time to time.” He replies. “Anyway, your eye needs to be iced. Is there anything else?” He asks, scanning the other’s body. 

“Nope. All good. We need to take care of you too.” Dream insists. 

George raises his eyebrow. “Lift your shirt up.” He says back casually. 

“Ok I know I’m hot but you can be a little subtle about it.” Dream jokes. He relents at the unimpressed look on the Brit’s face, wincing as he watches his friend’s jaw slacken at the sight of his exposed skin. 

“Dream how the actual hell have you not passed out already?” George asks incredulously. 

“I have high pain tolerance?” Dream tries. 

The brunette sighs and walks out of the room, heading through the dark hallway to the kitchen. He turns on the light and grabs a ziplock, stuffing it with ice from the fridge. Closing the door, he walks over and presses the ice to the man’s toned stomach. “Put that there.” He yawns. He glances at his phone, groaning at the time. 3:17 AM. 

Dream takes the ice pack and hesitates for a moment before reaching over and placing it on George’s collarbone. “No, you put that there. I’ll get another one.” 

Before the brunette can protest, Dream stands up slowly and trudges down the hallway getting some ice for himself. He sighs, walking back. He knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep, his mind was whizzing with thoughts he was yet to process. 




Both their skin numb with cold, the two settle into bed, turning off the nightlights. Dream watches the other curl into himself, facing the opposite way. He looks away and props himself up against the headboard, swallowing the desire to wrap his arms around the Brit and never let go. 

As he hears the other’s breathing even out, peace washes over him, knowing he was alone with his thoughts. He ponders the range of emotions that had hit him that day. The amount of mind-numbing anger that came in such force that he couldn’t control his actions. The overpowering guilt he still felt for letting something that could have been avoided happen, especially to George.

But what truly scared him was another feeling he had been trying to lock away since he got here. He had painstakingly restored his armor from the first time he had fallen, carefully fixing the cracks the Brit had effortlessly created, telling himself to stop being ungrateful. He was lucky enough to have George’s friendship, that was more than he deserved.

But he wasn’t known for being good at suppressing emotions. It’s why he insisted on him taking George for the man’s first time on a motorcycle. It was why he was so excited when it was just the two of them enjoying the secret bakery. 

Something about those warm chestnut eyes that were so beautiful, making him feel so warm and safe.  

He had tried. He had tried so hard. But slowly the feelings from so long ago came back into full force, tying him down, leaving him unable to escape. He delivers the final blow himself, watching as his walls crumble before his eyes.

He was head-over-heels for his best friend and it was at the absolute worst time. But there was no denying it anymore. 


I see him sitting on the stone wall, looking nervous. i say im going over, sapnap protests but i stick to my word. “hey-” i say

I jump, “w-what-?” 

i just-erm- came over to see- say- er apologize for sapnap. i sit next to him.

“its fine, i guess” i blush, why cant i just be cool

“oh, ok thats good, but um you looked-look- well can i stay here, with you-?” 

ohmygod he wants to hang out with me “er sure if you want- i dont know why you would- why though?”

“uh” i brush the side of his arm “i just- you seem cool so,” more like the mos beautiful boy ive ever seen, i clear my throat.

“um, thank you, no one has, told me that-” what a pitiful thing to say~

“thats kinda sad, well i’ll make sure to tell you a bunch, to make up for all the times you havent heard it,” i smile, was that cringey?

he- “oh wow, thank you,” i smile back at him

“alright well, what do you like to do?”

“what do you mean by that? school?” what a fucking lame thing to say

i laugh, “no silly, i meant like extracurricular- you know”

oh, “um, i dont have any-” why does he think im cool, that was so bland

“oh wow-” my eyes widen “we need to get you into some”

“wh-why- what?”

I put my hands in my lap but accidentally brush his shoulder, “what do you like-?”

“oh wow- that was an intense question” why’d he touch me…. my mind went blank

i laugh “um well whatever- we’re getting you into one-“

“i-ok? which one do you do-” i look over at him

“i do- well- i- um” my mind is going fucking haywire “i do rugby-” i barely manage to squeak out

i giggle, surprisingly, “i think i could’ve guessed that-” i look him up and down

i blush and clear my throat, “w-what do you like-” aw fuck i already said that,,,, “i mean- ugh, wh-” i cover my face in my hands

i laugh, “music is interesting,,” was that not cool? “are you ok?”

I lift my head, “yeah im fine, music huh? ok-” i grab his arm

“um,” fuck im so awkward “where are we going”

i smile back at him, “music- i dunno somewhere” 

“alright.” at this point, i know, ive fucked up. 

uh oh, here the guys come, “hey” they say, theres murmuring in the back as usual. “where are you going-” sapnap says. deliberately trying to block georges view huh? “why,” he loudly whispers, “why him of all people, did you choose to hang out with, hang out with me!”

i sigh, and shrink seeing them pointing, whispering about me.

i see him slowly deflating, “um im just showing him the music room- see you later i guess” i grab him arm and pull him away. 

i follow him, desperate to get away from them.

i turn to him once we’re a fair distance away, “sorry there not that….” i shrug.
“How the hell did he fall asleep so quickly?” George questions. 

Sapnap chuckles. “You’d be surprised. We should probably wake him up, he’s going to be more jet-lagged if he sleeps during the afternoon.” 

George looks at the tall man sleeping peacefully, spread out over the small bed. “No, it’s ok. He looks pretty tired. Just let him sleep for a bit.” Sapnap studies him for a bit and eventually relents, following him around the door. 

They both walk into the kitchen, and George goes up to the stove. He opens the lid of the large pot and is hit with the delectable fragrance of marinara sauce and oregano. 

“Mm Sapnap you’re awesome.” He can’t remember the last time he had a home-cooked meal like this. George basically lived on take-out and cold sandwiches. 

He takes a bow and mocks George’s accent. “Thank you m’lady. I was born this way.” 

George whacks him on the head and shakes his head. What an idiot. “When did you learn to cook anyway?” 

“Well my mom taught me the basics before I moved out, but it was when I moved in with Dream to be honest. The dude was living off instant ramen and fast food so I kinda had to.” Sapnap says, folding the sauce around the sides of the vessel into the pasta. 

George wasn’t surprised in the least. Dream did not care about his health at all. They had to remind him to eat and sleep on a regular basis because all he wanted to do was play Minecraft, whether it was improving his speedrunning skills or just being on the multiple servers they were apart of, socializing. 

“Well one good thing came out of Dream’s idiocy.” He says, grabbing a fork nearby and jabbing a piece. He blows on it for a second before placing it in his mouth, savoring the rich flavor. “I find it hard to believe that you’re Greek and not Italian.” 

“Aw stop it, I’m blushing.” Sapnap says, fanning his face. George cracks a grin and places the fork down, leaning against the kitchen island. “So what’s the surprise?” 

“You’re not going to catch me off guard Sap, I’m not an idiot.” George replies, laughing at Sapnap’s sullen expression. 

“You’re so annoying. Your pasta privileges have been revoked.” Sapnap says, snatching the fork before George can grab it.  

“No way, they’re my groceries.” George points out. 

“Ok, let’s see you eat frozen vegetables and uncooked pasta.” He quips with a smirk. George opens his mouth but closes it quickly. Sapnap smiles in victory, and pats his back. 

“I haven’t made the meatballs yet, you want to help?” 

“Yeah sure.” 







George collapses on the couch and puts his legs up on the arm rest, exhaling heavily. “Cooking is exhausting.” 

Sapnap scouches his leg off and sits across from him, looking at the Brit critically. “Come on, we made a few little meatballs. You haven’t seen anything yet.” 

“At least day after tomorrow, none of us are going to have to cook.” George grins, opening his eyes to look at his friend. 

“Oh yeah, I don’t think Dream emailed my ticket to me, I’m going to have to ask him later.” Sapnap says, taking out his phone and putting a reminder in for tomorrow. 

“Speaking of,” George says, turning his head to look at Dream, who has a severe bed head, but is looking much more rested than before. “Evening.” 

“Hey, did you guys make food?” He asks, his voice still gruff from sleep. 

“Sapnap did mostly, but I helped.” George says proudly. 

“Oh please, you added a bit of salt to the meat.” Sapnap scoffs. George kicks him in the stomach in offense and Sapnap doubles over, reaching over and punching him in the shoulder in return. 

“You guys are dumb.” Dream yawns, walking over to the couch. He pushes them over a little and slides into the middle, resting between George’s legs and propping his feet up on the fold-out platform of the sofa. “Pass the blanket.” 

“Dream what the hell?” George says, trying to wiggle out from under him. 

“It’s freezing in here.” Dream mumbles, unraveling the throw blanket that Sapnap had handed him. 

“Good luck getting out of that George.” Sapnap laughs, grabbing the end of the blanket and throwing it on top of his legs. 

George continues to struggle underneath the blanket but unfortunately isn’t able to escape. He relents to his fate, choosing to throw his arms around the back of the couch instead of his friend.

“So what time do we leave for your big surprise?” Dream asks, cocking his head back to look up at George. 

“8:30. We have half an hour to kill. And it’s not a big surprise.” He tells him. 

“Oh oh oh, you want to watch Good Girls?” Sapnap interrupts.

“What’s that?” 

“What? What!?”

“Oh my God. We’re watching it.” 







George observes from the couch as Sapnap slaps Dream’s hand away from the pot, trying to spoon pasta into the glass tupperware. The taller man grabs a few forks and napkins and throws it into the plastic bag, looking over at George, who looks back at his phone. 

“Wanna tell us where we’re going?” Dream asks, walking over to him. George raises his eyes off the screen to meet Dream’s gaze and smirks. 

“Nope. You’re going to find out when we get there.” George repeats for the hundredth time. Dream groans, his arms crossed in a casual lean.

“Alright. Let’s go then!” Sapnap says, throwing the plastic bag into George’s lap, knocking the wind out of him. 

“Jeez Sapnap the glass is going to break.” He complains, rubbing his stomach. Sapnap ignores him and chucks his car keys in his direction, Dream catching the metal just before it hits George square in the face.

“Sap!” George says, scowling at Dream who was absolutely losing it over his surprised expression. 

“You’re lucky tea kettle over here’s got good reflexes.” Sapnap jokes, laughing along with Dream. The taller man smacks his head at the nickname, wiping under his eyes.

George hops off the couch and walks to the door throwing his middle finger up behind him, before swinging the door shut. He makes his way toward his car and hears footsteps running after him, throwing the doors open before he can sit in the vehicle. This time, Sapnap calls shotgun, making Dream get into the back seat unhappily.

“Let’s go to wherever we’re going!” Sapnap cheers. George cracks a grin and starts up the engine, shifting the gear into drive. They turn onto the street, and roll down their windows, filling the car with the cool breeze of dusk. 

After a while, they were alone on the straight road surrounded by tall, grassy fields on both sides, occasionally passing a few palm trees here and there. 

“Hey George, gimme your phone.” Sapnap says, holding his hand out. George takes it out of his pocket and unlocks it, handing it to him. Only, he realizes after the fact that it probably wasn’t the smartest idea.

“Why exactly?” 

“One sec..” 




After a moment, soft music starts to play from the speakers of the car. Sapnap looks for the volume dial and turns it up to the max. George covers his ear with one hand, laughing as Dream reaches over his shoulder to open the moonroof. 

Sapnap takes his seatbelt off and stands up, throwing his hands up into the air. “Where have you been? Do you know if you’re coming back?” Sapnap yells with the song, grinning at Dream who was taking his seatbelt off as well. 

“We were too close to the stars! I never knew somebody like you, somebody, falling just as hard! I’d rather lose somebody than use somebody!” Dream shouts the lyrics out into the night as he joins Sapnap, their bodies halfway out of the moonroof. 

“Maybe it’s a blessing in disguise! I see my reflection in your eyes!” Dream and Sapnap sing together, both pointing at George, who was giggling uncontrollably. Dream whoops loudly as Sapnap continues to sing along with the song. George exhales happily, glancing at the setting sun. 

The car slows, and they all get out, Sapnap remembering to pocket the keys on their way out. They turn on their flashlights on their phones and George unfolds the spare blanket he had stuffed into the trunk out as they trek into the grassy field. 

“Is this it?” Sapnap asks, looking around. George hands him a corner of the sheet to spread out and Dream places their food down onto it. 

“Ok, sit down and turn your flashlights off.” He says, patting the ground next to him. They comply and sit back on their knees, turning off their flashlights. 




“Whoa.” Dream exhales, looking up. Instead of following suit, George turns to look at his friend’s awed expressions at the scenery above them, content watching the reflections in their pupils.

“It’s awesome,” Sapnap says, both of them unable to take their eyes off of the heavens. 

George looks away and glances up, his breath still weakening even after coming here so many times. It all looked particularly amazing tonight, as though some unearthly being had sprinkled white glitter over a pitch-black canvas. The sky was clearer than glass, not a single cloud covering the twinkling lights above. You could never have guessed it had rained just a few hours ago.

As they continue to admire the view, George starts to unwrap their dinner, placing forks into each of their containers. “Guys, eat first.” He jokes, keeping his tone annoyed.

“Heck of a surprise.” Sapnap compliments, throwing his arm around George affectionately. He thrusts the man’s food at him, thankful that there wasn’t enough light for them to see his grin at the praise. 

“How am I supposed to top this?” Dream asks, chewing the cooled food thoughtfully. They both turn to look at him. 

“Top this?” George questions. 

“I might have something planned in Italy. I’m not sure if it’s good enough now though..” He trails off, George being able to hear the smile in his words. Sapnap throws himself flat on the blanket, protesting to the sky about another damn surprise. 

They finish their food quickly and lay down next to each other, looking up at the canopy of stars. “That’s Orion. That group right there. There’s his head, and his hand there…that’s his bow in the other one. Do you see those three stars right there? That’s the belt. That’s how I found it.” He explains, guiding Dream’s finger in the air as he describes the constellation. 

He looks over at Sapnap and moves his hand to the right position, watching as his eyes light up as he connects George’s words to the pattern above.

George searches for a moment before pointing up again. “Look! The north star. It’s called Polaris I think. Before compasses and stuff were invented, sailors used it to navigate the sea.” 

“How do you know all this?” Dream asks, as he watches George engrossed in finding the patterns in the sky. 

“My parents got my sister a stargazing guide for her birthday one year. We went out on the roof every night and basically memorized everything in the book. It was a long time ago, but I still remember some stuff.” He tells them, rubbing his arms to rid the goosebumps from his skin due to the chilly breeze that swept through the grasses. 

“I did that sometimes when I was stressed.” Dream mentions. 

“Stressed about what?” George asks. 

Sapnap turns his head towards his friend in sympathy. He had heard this story before. “My parents. They wouldn’t let me do online school so I stopped doing my school work. Most nights were just them lecturing me about being irresponsible and lazy, comparing me to my older sister and whatnot. I guess I knew they meant well but after a while, I just stopped listening. I would go out into the backyard and climb our tree to the very top looking at the stars.” 

“But look where you are now.” George says, closing his eyes. 

“Yeah.” Dream agrees, studying his friend’s soft features in the moonlight. “It was worth it.” 

George mostly listens as Sapnap and Dream talk quietly, the topic shifting from Youtube, to their families, to their plans for the upcoming trip. After a while, he stops fighting to stay awake, succumbing to the quiet drone of his friends’ voices lulling him to sleep.







“Is he asleep?” Dream asks, finally noticing that the Brit wasn’t contributing to the conversation anymore. 

“Yup, I’m pretty sure.” Sapnap says, shifting his arm that George had claimed as his pillow. He must have been really tired because he knew George would die of embarrassment in any other scenario.

“It’s pretty late, we should go back.” Dream says, sitting up and stretching his rigid muscles. Sapnap moves his friend’s head off of himself carefully and gathers all their trash, stuffing it into the plastic bag and swinging it on his shoulder. 

“Ok grab him, I need to get the blanket,” Sapnap tells him. 

“Ah what? No, I’ll just wake him up.” He says. If George found out that he had fallen asleep and Dream had carried him, they were finished. He knew his friend was self-conscious about that sort of thing. 

“Dude, are you serious? Just pick him up, it’s not that hard,” Sapnap complains. God, what was Dream’s problem? He’s trying to leave and get his beauty rest and Dream’s over here being a pussy about the stupidest thing. 

“Jeez fine, fine.” Dream mumbles. He bends down and scoops George up into his arms, the short man being way lighter than he thought he would be. Sapnap pulls the blanket off the ground from underneath him and rolls it into a ball, tucking it under his arm. 

Dream glances down at George who had adjusted to rest on his chest comfortably. He slept like a rock, unbeknownst to the fact that he was six feet in the air. Cheeks slightly pink, he hurries after Sapnap who had 
already started toward the car. 

Sapnap takes the car keys out of his back pocket and turns to see Dream approaching him. He opens the back door and moves out of the way, suppressing a small smile.

 “Our sleep schedules are so fucked.” Dream says, as he places George into the back seat. 

Sapnap hums in agreement and throws the keys over the hood to Dream who catches them smoothly. “Are you sure you can drive?” He asks. 

“We’re going to have to find out.” Dream says, strapping himself into the seat and motioning his friend to do the same. 

“I’m going to die in the middle of Brighton.” Sapnap mutters, pulling his own seatbelt on. 

“Oh relax, I only almost wrecked the car a few times this afternoon.” Dream tells him, shifting the gear to drive and backing up onto the road. He speeds down the smooth pavement, opening the window and running a hand through his already wind-swept hair. 

“Perfect.”  Sapnap grouches. He gets Google Maps up and running and they fall into a comfortable silence.






Turning into the familiar parking lot, Dream and Sapnap step out of the car. Dream takes out his phone to look at the time. 1:45, they were definitely going to sleep in till lunchtime.

 Sapnap closes the car door and walks toward the building. “Have fun with that,” He yawns, before going inside.

“You can’t just-…and he’s gone.” Dream mutters to himself, rolling his eyes. He closes his door and opens the back, squinting in the dark at a slight movement. “George? You awake?” He asks.

“Dream?” George asks groggily. “What’s the time?” 

“Late. Come on,” He answers, holding his hand out. 

George takes it and pulls himself up, inviting himself to rest on Dream’s shoulder. “Tired.” He mumbles, his eyes closed. 

“Ok let me just find the ah…” Dream trails off, patting his pockets while trying to keep George upright. “Do you have the apartment keys or does Sapnap have them?” Dream asks, locking the car. George blinks and reaches his hand into his front pocket, grabbing the key and handing it to the taller man. 

Dream takes it from his hand and smirks to himself. Sapnap was standing outside the door like an idiot. That’ll teach him. 

“Where’s Sapnap?” George asks, now fully leaning on Dream. The taller man looks down at him with a small smile. The height difference was hilarious.

“Outside the apartment. Come on, let’s go.” Dream says, leading him towards the building and into the elevator. They step in and George grimaces at the bright elevator lights, burying his face into Dream’s chest. It was so warm. He hadn’t felt comfort like this in a long time.

Dream glances down and his eyes widen slightly. Ok, what was happening. There were so many little things Dream didn’t know about George, this definitely being one of them. Honestly, George not being touch-shy for once was surprising, but kind of adorable. 

The elevator doors opening disrupts Dream’s thoughts, and they walk through the long hall. He spots Sapnap in the subdued light leaning against the door looking pissed. 

“What took you so long?” Sapnap grumbles.

“That’s what you get dumbass.” He answers, turning the key in the lock and letting them in. Sapnap makes a beeline for the bedroom, and Dream stands in the dark laughing softly. “George..George,” He says, nudging him. 

 George hums in reply, taking his nose out of his friend’s shoulder and looking around.

“Time to walk now.” Dream jokes softly, nudging him forward. George wanders down the hallway, Dream following close behind because at this point, he wouldn’t be surprised if George fell asleep while walking.

They both enter the bedroom and George immediately crashes on the bed, laying on top of the comforter. Dream shakes his head and heads toward the bathroom.

He knocks and enters where Sapnap was brushing his teeth, his eyes closed. 

“You take the other side of the bed. I’ll take the mattress.” Dream says, taking his own toothbrush out of the holder. The other man washes his mouth out before responding. 

“Are you sure? I can take it if you want.” Sapnap offers. 

“No dude it’s fine.” He declines. His friend nods and trudges out of the bathroom. 




Dream runs a hand through his messy blonde locks and looks in the mirror, inspecting his tired appearance. He turns off the lights in the bathroom and walks over to his suitcase lying against the wall shedding the light green button-down shirt, and revealing a black undershirt. He changes into a pair of sleep shorts and a loose white tee and sits down on the newly acquired mattress. 

He checks his phone for a few minutes, liking tweets he missed this morning. Eventually, he plugs his phone into the outlet and lays down, curling his fingers around the corner of the cushion.



We entered the cafe, Irene taking my two identical pets to the back room while I waited to be called to the staff room. I didn’t want to be rude and barge in there because that would make a bad impression. Maybe that’s how I get out of this thing.

The blonde man came out from the staffe room doors and ushered me to follow him without speaking. I followed him carefully, knocking on the owner’s door. I heard a low ‘come in’ and walked inside.

The man behind the office desk looked up at me, a smile on his face. “Hello.” He held his hand out and I shook it, returning his welcoming greetings. “Take a seat and tell me about yourself.”

“My name is Charlie. I’m twenty soon and my brother recommended I get this job, so I can focus on my musical side.” I talked to him in a polite tone, but I was lying straight through my teeth. 

“Oh, who am I kidding? Since your going to be my boss for the next month, might as well tell you the truth.”

“I know the-.”

“My older brother is GeorgeNotFound. He’s a popular minecraft content creator. I posted something of him on Twitter while he was asleep and he didn’t like it, but I didn’t want some sort of prank war to start, so I let him choose my punishment and…here I am.”

He laughed under his breath and started doodling something on a peice of paper. “I know who you are, but it’s nice to see your still your honest self. George is one of my childhood friends.”

“Oh. I don’t think I remember you, but it’s nice meeting you.” 

“Did I really change that much or are you still a dumb ass?” 

“Sir, I prefer you not to be rude to me if that works with you.” I stopped speaking and took a moment to take a look at the man. His cold blue eyes were twinkling in the light. “Chase?”

He nodded. I practically hopped over the desk to hug him. “Gosh, I missed you so much. How was America?”

“It was absolutely awesome and I am completely satisfied with my culinary degree.” 

I freed him from the embrace. “Finally. I thought it would take ages for you to learn the basics of cooking.”

“Hey! I’m sorry, I wasn’t born with every talent ever.” He remarked with an eye roll. “You can start anytime before sunset. Until then, hang in the staff room, it’s down the hall.” Chase always had on the most forgiving look.

I greeted him off and headed towards the door. “Thanks, Chase.” I turned the knob before turning myself to face him once again. “May I ask you something?”

He hummed, handling a stack of papers into a blue binder. “You know what, never mind. The question isn’t too important.” I noved myself again, hesitantly swinging the door open. 

“The boy you have been so fondly viewing as if he were a statue at the museam, his name is Finn.” 

I scoffed. “I have not generally been staring-.”

“Yes you have.” 

“I hate you. What was-.”

“Finn Thompson.”

-

Five minutes away from beginning my first show in this place. I walked out and greeted the brown haired barista who was finishing his shift. The man from earlier, supposedly named Finn, walked out from the staff doors and put on a black apron.


He was tall, not the tallest person I had met, but still incredibly tall. Everyones height is small when you know Will Gold. I wasn’t one of the shorter people in this place, but he still seemed pretty tall. Perks of being five foot ten inches tall, I guess. 

I was farther from him than I thought and since I hadn’t been able to get a good look at him yet, I did what any person would when desperate, I thought of an excuse that was partially valid and walked to where the man was standing. 

“Hi. I…” I looked at him, studying every perfect feature the eye could see. In all honesty, he was really handsome. His dirty blonde hair was messy in a neat way. His emerald green eyes were exploring my face the same as I was. 

Someone opened the cafe doors, triggering the bell and causing me to jump a little which broke me from the intense staring contest. “Sorry. Can I please go grab my guitar? I forgot it at my brothers apartment. Its across the street, so I won’t be long.”

“No worries, Ms…?” His voice was soft, yet it managed to be almost as attractive as he was. He dragged out his last word, asking me to fill in the missing part. The blonde picked up his glass water bottle and gulped down a swig or two.

“Charlie.” I responded, his eyes went wide and his brows furrowed. He put down the water, coughing slightly as he almost spit. 

“Pretty…name. You have a really pretty name.” He smiled cutely trying to hide his awkwardness. “I’m Finn.”

“I like your name, it suits you well. See you around then.” I did a friendly salute to the blonde, heading away.

-

I knocked on the door and this time George answered. “Ah, so little Georgie finally quit his game. Good on you.”

“Are you angry? Did I miss something? Why did you call Wilbur?” George was clearly trying to sound calm, but he was worried.

“No, I’m not mad. I have to pick up my guitar for my first show. You know, this might actually be not much of a complete waste of time. There’s a really handsome boy at the cafe.” I walked to our supply closet, George sitting at the kitchen bar with a smile.

“What’s his name?” George asked as I walked over to the counter and grabbed a green apple. He took a sip of his blue power-aid.

“Well, curious George, his name is Finn.” 

George’s mouth fell open, the blue drink slipping out like a waterfall. I back away, careful that none of the drops got on me. “What the fuck? What is it with boys gushing when I saw someones name?”

“Nothing is up.”

“That’s obvious. Half your drink is on the floor.” 

“What I’m trying to say is, I would like to meet this man.” He was trying to look serious, but a ecstatic smile kept crawling onto his face. 

“Not today. I’ve barely talked to him and myy first show starts in five minutes. I wouldn’t want you to scare the poor thing off.” I took hold of my guitar and slowly headed for the door, an irritated George rolling his eyes. 

“Fine, but if he’s going to be your friend anytime soon, I want to meet him.” He finished cleaning the spit and juice mixture which had came out of his mouth. 

“That’s alright. He’s really tall, you know. Prettiest man I have ever seen. He has lime green eyes and dirty blonde hair.” He spat again. “Okay, you seriously need to fix that. Are you defective or something?”

“Nothing. I’m totally fine. Have you told Dream about this new crush of yours?” 

George lifted his phone off the counter after cleaning the second spill and held it near his mouth, I heard some ringing, but I couldn’t care less. I knew I was angry, I just couldn’t figure out why. 

“Dream? Why would I tell him? Dream doesn’t tell me a simple thing like not to call him over and over again because he’s busy. Its not like I’m in love with then man-.”

“Charlie…”

“I’m not in love with Finn either. In fact I don’t even like any of them at all, so why’s it hsi business what I do? Is Dream my father? No, so why the actual fucking hell do I have to tell him something like this? It’s simple, I don’t-.”

“Cha-…Charlie, listen.”

“Stop giving me a waterfall of your juice and listen up. Dream doesn’t care to tell me shiit. You can’t just turn off your phone and expect someone to be sitting on the other end, calling you until the death of the universe without informing them that maybe you’re a little too busy to talk to them-.”

“Charlie?”

“You know what? I don’t even like Finn. For all I know, I have been in love with Dream, but if mister minecraft is so busy all the time, our relationship clearly wouldn’t last long. He can’t be usefula nd send me a simple text message, so why the fuck am I still waiting on him-.”

“C-Charlie…Charlie?”

“I would say I couldn’t care less if Dream hopped off a canyon and died, but I can’t. At least I can show my friend how much I care for him when I a singular little I’m busy doesn’t come from him. Not like the man is my best friend or one of the only people I haven’t had trust issues with-.”

“Charlie…Ch-.”

“Dreams just going to be out and about, doing whatever he the fuck he wants, right? I don’t even know if Clays his real name. He could be lying to everyone around him, you as well. It all makes sense since he clearly cares about being so private that he had to keep how busy he was private he was-.”

“Ch…Charlie, listen.”

“Has he shown you his face? I think the fuck not. Thank about it. He’s been hiding so much from you. From all of us. Gosh, I wish I could be Nick sometimes just to see how many times Dream has lied to my face. Now would you fucking leave me alone?”

I stepped towards the door again because during my angry rant I had been walking closer and closer to George, threatening him to step back without meaning to. My guitar was at my hands and my eyes were begging to let out tears. As I was about to leave, I heard a worried voice from behind. 

“Charlie?” Georges voice was full of caution and his face was pale. It was like he was terrified to even move in the presence of me.

“What do you want now?” I was trying to sound as calm as possible, but I sounded annoyed. 

“Hi? I-Its me…Dream. T-The same guy that y-you…your best…your best friend?”

Fuck.

Yesterday was full of the most fun I’ve ever had in my entire life. I never knew playing a block game could be stupidly fun. Honestly, George is so lucky to have friends like Dream and SapNap. They are so funny and chaotic, it’s stupid.

I wish I had some friends like them. I mean, my best friend has been in America since the last time I cried. More than a year ago, he had to leave because he had gotten into a baking school that he had been wanting to go to for years. 

I didn’t want to stop him and seem like a bad friend, but I wish I did. Sometimes I sit alone in my room, wondering what it would be like if my life was completely different. Or I sit there and make this unrealistic scenarios in my head. 

Yep, that’s the life for someone like me. Anyways, George and I went to the store after I finished introducing myself to his friends and his viewers. I was proud of him, he had almost one thousand viewers averaging watching his streams. 

We went to the shops and split up, so we could both go and get the other their presents. I knew exactly what to get him. A few weeks ago, I was at the shops trying to buy some of me, Sanna and his favorite snacks for a sibling-family movie night. 

As I was walking around the shops, slightly lost and also extremely close to having a panic attack, I saw this cute little pet shop. It was decorated with all sorts of different colors for the different sections and breeds. 

I walked in, hoping to see if I could find anything at all that I could put to use and I got an idea. The blue section caught my eye since George loved the color blue. I mean, could I blame him? It was one of the few colors he could see.

My eye scanned the area, trying to see what animals were there, but I saw absolutely nothing. Now the thing is, I really wanted to get George a pet, especially if was from the blue section because that’s where all the cats were.

The store manager saw me confusedly looking over to the area and told me that there was a small little kitten napping in one of the pet beds. I hadn’t noticed her because of how incredibly small she was. 

That was that. I asked if I could adopt the kitten and the manager willingly agreed, but told me I had to wait until late October. I did my share of waiting and yesterday was the day before Halloween. 

I had to smuggle the cat into the car without George noticing, but that was pretty easy because the cat was sleeping and the George was sleepy. The two were practically made for each other.

“Charlie, what are you doing in there!” 

“Nothing, now would you quiet your loud ass down!”

“I’ll try.”

Atleast I won’t have to keep this adorable little kitten from leaving the room for too long. Now where did I leave her to nap?

“Charlie?”

“What is it, George?”

He was standing in the middle of my doorway with a smiling, but confused look on his face. “Why is there a cat in my- here it is.” George looked down and picked up the cat I had been looking for. 

“Crap…I guess you get your birthday present early then.” I went over to George and petted the kitten as he looked at me blankly. “Do you like her?”

“No, I love her.” He scratched the kittens belly. “I’m going to name you…Luca.”

“Have fun you two.” I laughed as George put Luca on the floor and she started brushing around on his legs, wanting to be in his arms again. 

George was quick to regain his gentle hold on her. “Come on, Luca.”


The whole world has been out on lockdown. Guess seeing my best friend is canceled…again. The world must hate me, you know? Anytime I get a really good friend who is super close to me, they’re always gone after awhile.

Today George and Dream were filming a video called ‘Minecraft Speedrunner Vs. Hunter (Again)’. They had actually became pretty popular this year. People were watching George, SapNaps, and Dreams videos more than ever. 

I was happy for George of course, but then again, I was bored. Who knew that twenty-twenty could possibly be worse than last year. Actually wait there was that one kid I met at all the shops which wasn’t liking the idea of twenty-twenty. 

He had blonde ruffled hair and was extremely tall. Let’s just say, he was the most obnoxiously loud person I have ever met other than myself. I remember him.

“Hello?”

“Hi, do I know you?”

“No, I just need directions to the entrance of this place.”

“Oh. Honestly, I can’t help you. I’ve been lost in this place myself.”

“Okay, then you’ll be absolutely no help.”

“Geez, child. Atleast say thank you.”

“Why should I? You didn’t do anything for me.”

“Who hurt you?”

“Many, many people. They all scored up on me and- Why am I telling you this?”

“I don’t know, why are you?”

“Oh, right. You asked and I ever so kindly replied.”

“You sound like you could be an amazing youtuber.”

“I am, in fact an amazing youtuber, woman.”

“Yeah and I’m best friends with Dream because my brother is GeorgeNotFound.”

“Okay, now you’re just plain lying.”

“Your dishonesty is catching on like a rash.” 

“Excuse you. If you want you could search up TommyInnit on YouTube.”

“Sure, I will. I’ll make sure to watch some of your quality content as well.”

“I wanna see the look on your face when I prove you wrong.”

“You won’t be able to see anything on my face since I kind of always look like I’m irritated and annoyed at everyone and everything.”

“It’s suits you.”

“Wait, one second and we can watch your videos together, mate.”

“No problem, it’s not like I have anywhere to go.”

“Hey, your fault for getting lost, not mine.”

“Just put on the vid- Oh, you actually did.”

“Hey, this shit isn’t the worst.”

“Told you.”

“You know, you should change your introduction.”

“To what?”

“Well, maybe…Most people find me annoying at first, so if at any point of watching this video, you don’t find me annoying, please subscribe. It’s free and it really helps my channel.”

“You know, you really are a peice of work.”

“Well, this peice of work was made beautifully.”

“I never thought someone could have more of an ego than I do.”

“Get used to it, this isn’t even me at the fullest.”

“It was a terrible meeting you, but now I must go, otherwise my mum will scold me.”

“Ah, yes. The mumsey. Anyways, it was a waste of time meeting you, I hope we may meet again, so I can have someone to annoy for a while. Bye, what’s your name.”

“Tommy.”

“Nevermind, I’ll ask google, Thomas. Also, I’m Charlie.”

“Who cares? Bye, Charlotte.”

“Bye, Tomathy.”

“Hey, wait that’s not my name!”

He was annoyingly fun. I kind of wished I had gotten his snap or something, so I could make a new friend, but then again…he was him. Yeah, I regret nothing. After him screaming at me that it wasn’t his name, the rest of our conversation was just filled of random yelling and insults. Fun, right?

“Hola, senor.”

Quackity: “Hola, senorita. Hablas espanol?”

“Si. Creo que eres muy guapo.”

Quackity: “Woah. What is this? Aren’t you British?”

“Yeah, I am.”

Quackity: “You have such a heavy accent- how do you speak so perfectly?”

“I don’t even know. Que hora es?”

Quackity: “It’s ten in the morning here. I’m still suprised that I can’t hear your accent at all. Speak normally.”

“Hello, chat. This is my normal voice, mate. One second, Alex.”

Quackity: “Yeah, whatever you need.”

“Georgie!”

“What the fuck do you want!?”

Quackity: “Wha- (laughs).”

“Well…I don’t think he realizes that you’re streaming.”

Quackity: “Yeah, I’m getting a small hint that he doesn’t know.”

“George! Alex is streaming! You just cussed on his stream!”

“Oh. Why couldn’t you tell me before?” 

“I didn’t know you were going to swear at me now, did I?”

Quackity: “Jesus christ, what goes on in that house?”

“You don’t wanna know-.”

“Can I join the stream, I have nothing else to do?”

“No! Bitch.”

Quackity: “(laughs) Now that both siblings have established that they get along really well, let’s get to business.”

“I failed my business class, I won’t be able to do that.”

Quackity: “No I meant- never mind. There’s a lot of things I don’t know about you, why don’t you answer some of chats questions?”

“Sure, give me another second then.”

Quackity: “Okay, this’ll be interesting. Last time I gave you a second, the chat got a clip out of it.”

*TommyInnit Joins Vc3*

Quackity: “Ayy, Tommy.”

TommyInnit: “Big Q! Is Charlie here?”

“Hello, Thomas. Alex, ya sé quién es Tomathy porque nos conocimos en el centro comercial una vez. Me pidió direcciones y cuando le dije que no podía darle ninguna, dijo que no era de ninguna ayuda. Ahora, él nunca entenderá lo que te estoy diciendo en este momento, pero cuando descubra quién soy, se enojará o no me recordará en absoluto. Probablemente le grita a personas al azar en el centro comercial todos los días, así que lo más probable es que se haya olvidado de mí.”

TommyInnit: “What the fuck.”

Quackity: “Wow, you really weren’t kidding at all when you said you spoke Spanish.”

TommyInnit: “What the hell did you say?”

“Don’t you know who I am by my voice, Tomathy.”

TommyInnit: “Np, not really-…Hey, wait aren’t you that one asshole girl from the mall?”

“Asshole isn’t really the best word to describe me, but that is who I am, yes.” 

TommyInnit: “How are you here? Who let you on the server?”

“When you were talking at the shops, I do recall saying that I was in fact Georges younger sister and Dreams best friend.”

TommyInnit: “You actually were honest for once?”

“Yeah, I’m the most honest person in the world…that’s a lie.”

TommyInnit: “Why would Dream wanna be friends with you?”

“Shush, Innit. I’m here to talk to Quackity, so kindly screw off.”

TommyInnit: “Yeah, whatever. Sorry, by the way.”

*TommyInnit Leaves Vc3*

Quackity: “Tommy- he just said sorry to you.”

“Oh, did he? I never thought the child had the slightest bit of manners.”

Quackity: “What the fuck is this- Tiger, stop.”

“(chuckles) Chat, you have any questions for me?”

Quackity: “Right, they want to know how old you are. I also would like to know.”

“I’m older and much more mature than Innit, that’s for sure.”

*Dream Joins Vc3*

Dream: “Charlie is older than you…by a month.”

*Dream Leaves Vc3* 

Quackity: “What the fuck? Why did he just-.”

“Atleast we know he’s tuning in to the stream.”

Quackity: “Does he do this with both siblings?”

“Pretty much…he’s definitely in love with George though and no one can try and convince me otherwise. Not even those two themselves. They found out the hard way.”

Quackity: “Okay? This man, Dream, he’ll be shopping at the store for groceries and then his phone gives him an alert that someone is streaming. He shrugs it off, not caring about the person enough to watch, but then his secret agent informs him that one of the Davidson siblings are on that stream with another person? He will go through hell and back and-.”

“Dude, hold up. I need another second.”

Quackity: “Where do you keep going for like five seconds?”

“No where, I’m still here trying to figure out whether the government is still watching me from my phone again.”

Quackity: “What the fuck? Am I hearing this shit correctly?”

“Is this not normal for you? I mean, I tried informing them that watching people secretly, even after they have figured out you’re watching them is really creepy, but they don’t listen at all. Stalkers, I tell you.”

Quackity: “How often does- (laughs). What’s going on in there?”

“The fuck- my camera light is blinking. The aliens…they’re sending me signals after escaping from Area 51. They have corrupted the system.”

Quackity: “Wha- (laughs).”

(loud slamming noise)

Quackity: “What the fuck did you do?”

“Nothing except, you know…the daily throwing my phone across the room and at the wall, so the government can finally stop bothering me and give up.”

Quackity: “(laughs). Isn’t your phone fucking broken by now?”

“Nah. Okay, sort of, but I like to believe that the cracks in my screen and malfunctioning of the phone are just small signs that the government is actually close to giving up on me.”

Quackity: “That’s understandable. The only thing I don’t understand is that you’re related to George. Are you fucking sure?”

“Who knows? I might be an alien hybrid from Area 51 who’s been sent out of the governments hold to see how I behave in the real world…just they wait until I- what will I do? I need to plan that bit out.”

Quackity: “What goes on in that brain of yours?”

“Huh? What’s a brain?”

Quadkity: “Ho- (laughs).”

“Chat has a random question that’s not for me, but for you. I’m on your stream and they keep asking the same question.”

Quackity: “Yeah, what is it?”

“How tall are you?”

*Quackity Leaves Vc3*

*KarlJacobs Joins Vc3*

Karl: “Hello! I’m live, by the way.” 

“What the fuck did I do wrong this time?” 

Karl: “What do you mean?”

“Oh, Alex was here, but he left after I asked him a question on behalf of his chat.”

Karl: “What was the question?”

“How tall are you?”

Karl: “Don’t ask him that. He isn’t the tallest person.”

“I mean, he can’t possibly be that short. I’m a tad bit taller than George. I’m like an inch and a half taller than him.”

Karl: “You’re already taller than Quackity. He isn’t that short, you’re just really tall.”

“Moving on. Wanna play something with the rest of the gang?”

Karl: “Yeah, sure. Anything you want-.”

“Just to put a smile on it.”

Karl: “Huh?”

“Nothing, just disappointing a friend of mine on the daily.”

Karl: “Which one?”

“Innit.”

Karl: “Oh. Anyways, which game?”

“I don’t really know or care, I don’t play many games…other than Minecraft.”

Karl: “How about Among Us?”

“Sure thing. Should I invite some people while you start the game up?”

Karl: “Yeah, thanks.”

“Okay…my first appearance on a stream being me terribly playing Among Us, doing everything, but acting normal- that’ll satisfy those fans needs.”

Karl: “(laughs). Yes, it will.”

The sunset is overrated, Dream thinks as he stares out of the open drapes. All those cheesy romantic movies always overused the majesty of sunset to convey intimacy, but to him, the sunrise was just as impactful. The progression from glistening stars embedded into black velvet into golden petals of bright pink and gold stretching across the horizon never failed to make his breath catch. 

He’s jolted out of his thoughts as the blanket over his legs slowly travels toward his left. Dream scowls at the sleeping brunette who was now hidden under the entirety of it. Every damn time. An exasperated smile falls onto his face as he gets up and heads to the bathroom. He brushes his teeth slowly, his eyes closed as he enjoys the silence of the morning. 

Dream grabs a fresh set of casual clothes and places them on the rack, stepping into the slowly heating shower. After half an hour of standing under the rain-like water numbly, he climbs out of the shower, the soft white polyester of the bath rug squishing beneath his toes. He decided he was too lazy to towel-dry his hair, instead using the blow-dryer for a few minutes. 

That was a mistake, he thinks as he runs a hand through the frizzy mess on top of his head. He runs a comb through it, giving up after a while. Semi-presentable was more than enough. Walking out, he steps back into the bedroom, opening the drapes more and letting light brighten up the room. It’s then when he notices erratic movements coming from the left side of the master bed.

Dream wanders over curiously and his eyebrows furrow in worry. George was face down into his pillow, hugging it tightly as he thrashed around, as though the sheets were holding him hostage. “Hey George?” The blonde approaches, pushing his friend’s shoulder.

Eyes still closed in sleep, George turns his head allowing Dream to see the few lone tears that streaked his cheeks. “George!” He calls a bit louder. The brunette’s eyes quickly shoot open and he inhales large gulps of oxygen as the blonde sits next to him on the bed. 

“Sorry. Just a bad dream.” George explains with difficulty. His face screws up in discomfort before taking on a forced look of calm.  

The blonde examines his face with concern. “Was it about-“

“No,” George lies swiftly. Before he can stop it, a sob makes its way through his throat, contradicting his statement. Everything from the previous night’s events seemed to hit him at that moment. He buries his face into his knees in embarrassment, hiding the tears that leaked from the corners of his eyes. 

Dream’s chest deflated as he watched George cry, the other shielding his face away from him. He wraps his arms around the shorter man’s waist and shoulder, making the Brit bring his watery glance up at him. “Hey, it’s ok. Come here.” He mumbles, letting the other rest against his chest. 

“I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” George closes his eyes into the man’s shirt, basking in the comfort it brought. It was nice to be held like this, he’ll think about the humiliation of crying in front of his best friend later. 

“Nothing is wrong with you.” Dream wrinkles his forehead, holding the brunette tighter. He wished there was something he could do to fix this. He wished he knew what to say, because right now, he wasn’t sure if he was doing the best job. “Do you want to talk about it?” He asks, keeping his voice quiet. George shakes his head, taking a shuddering breath. His heart races as the blonde drops his chin onto the top of his brown locks. 

The brunette comes out of his shirt and holds eye contact, waiting for Dream to let go. The man doesn’t however, his gaze traveling across George’s face examining the cut in the soft skin of his lip. He abruptly moves his gaze to behind his friend’s ear, his mind screaming at him. Be careful. Don’t fuck it up. 

“You can tell me anything. What are best friends for right?” Dream asks, internally cringing at his word choice. 

George tears up again at the sincerity and compassion in the other man’s gaze. “Yeah, I know.” He brings his chin up and shoots the man a half-smile.

They sit in comfortable silence, at ease with each other’s company. The Brit looks up to the taller man’s face, memorizing the golden-brown freckles littering the glowing skin. His eyes travel up to the usually messy waves, instead finding slightly-frizzy blonde locks that were twice their usual volume. George covers his mouth looking away, his laughter escaping through his fingers. Dream looks down at him, a confused smile on his lips. “What?” 

“You look ridiculous.” George grins, unable to resist reaching up and fluffing the blonde poof. 

Dream brings his hand up, smoothing it down self-consciously. “Shut up.”

The Brit looks away, sighing in contentment. “Are we going anywhere today?”

“How about we stay in for the day?” Dream suggests, looking back at him. He didn’t really want to go out anyway, especially after yesterday. “I told Karl we would visit today, but other than that I think we should take a day.” 




The Brit hums in agreement and hops off the bed, tired of the lethargic atmosphere. After brushing his teeth quickly he walks to the door, looking back at his friend who was still sitting on the bed. “Come on.” He exclaims, waving to Dream to follow him as he walks out of the bedroom.

Intrigued, Dream follows him. When he reaches the kitchen, he finds George rummaging through the fridge taking out eggs and packets of different vegetables. “George?” He’s answered with a distracted hum. “Whatcha doing?”

“We are going to make breakfast.” He says confidently. 

“Did you forget that we both can’t cook?” The blonde asks, approaching the Brit.

“I’m sure we’re not that incompetent. We can make three simple omelets right?” George asks. 

Dream runs a hand through his unruly hair. “I guess?”

 It’s enough for George, who strides over to the cabinet, looking for the spices they need. “Can you put paprika in an omelet? Actually, what is paprika?” He asks mostly to himself, taking a sniff into the bottle. He rummages through the cabinet. Sapnap had bought a bunch of useless seasonings and George had no idea what half of them were. 

“Geor-” Dream is cut off by George rushing to the stove, muttering about how he forgot to turn it on. He walks over to the marble island, picking up the random bottles of powdered flavorings the Brit had pulled out. “George, do you even know what these are for?”

“I’m sure it’s fine!” He says, waving him off. “I saw Sapnap dump a bunch of these into..something. Anyway it’s fine.” He says, pulling out a large bowl. 

“Ok but Sapnap also knows what he’s doing.” Most of the time. “Are you sure we don’t need a recipe or something?” 

“Recipes are for idiots. Crack these eggs.” George says, shoving the bowl at the blonde before running over and lowering the stove temperature. Dream does what he’s told, a little afraid of his friend’s enthusiasm. He reaches over to add salt and pepper to the mass of raw eggs. Hearing sizzling, he turns to see George dumping a bunch of vegetables into a separate pan, shifting them around with a fork.

“Ok you do the rest, I’ll make the toast.” He walks to the pantry and grabs the last of the loaf. He comes out to see George shaking chives into the melted butter. 

“I saw my dad do this once.” George shrugs.

 Dream nods, it smells good so he must be doing something right. His friend finishes making the mixture and pours it equally into the three buttered skillets, waiting patiently as the eggs cook. He stands behind him, the delicious aroma filling his nostrils. Of course, his stomach had to rumble loudly, causing the Brit to look over his shoulder.

“What? It smells good.” Dream mumbles. “And we didn’t exactly have dinner yesterday.” 

George turns back to the stove, flipping each of the omelets one at a time. He takes a fork and cuts a small piece from the edge of one that was already cooked. He turns around, holding out the fork. “Here, taste.”

“Why, so you don’t have to?”  Dream teases, leaning down and grabbing the food off the fork with his teeth. 

“Well, how is it?” George ignores, looking up to assess his friend’s expression.

“Yeah, wow.” The blonde suppresses a cough. “It has a kick to it. Sapnap is going to love it.” He smirks. He watches as George places a small piece into his mouth.

“I knew I should have put less of that red stuff.” George sucks in, sticking his tongue out. “Anyway, go get Sapnap, I think it’s almost done.” He tells him, leaning against the counter. He doesn’t understand how Sapnap can spend hours cooking. George can barely stand for fifteen minutes. 

“Don’t burn the place down while I’m gone! ” Dream calls, strolling out. “Or yourself,  that too.” He adds as an afterthought. He hears the other scoff behind him and chuckles. 




The blonde walks into the bedroom, only to find his friend awake and laying flat on his stomach, his phone pressed to his ear.

“Stop that, it’s not. Seriously,” Sapnap sighs. He looks up to see Dream in the doorway and holds up his index finger. “It’s up to him…yeah. Ok, if not we can meet up later.” He pauses.  “Sure. See you.” 

He shoots him a questioning glance, as his friend puts the phone down. “Morning.”

Sapnap nods, stretching and swinging his legs off the mattress. “It was Karl. The idiot thinks yesterday was his fault.” 

“Are you serious?” The blonde scoffs. “That’s bullshit.”

“That’s what I said!” Sapnap exclaims. “Anyway, I told him we would come over if George is okay with it.” 

He hums. “Well we made breakfast so hurry up.” Dream tells him, gesturing to the bathroom.

“You and George cooked?” The other man asks, dread coloring his face. “I think I’ll sleep in until lunch.”

Dream scowls. He was starting to really look forward to Sapnap’s face when he tasted the culinary masterpiece. “Hey, I tasted it and it’s actually really good.” He defends, holding back a smug smile. 

“We’ll see.” Sapnap responds wearily. 




Dream strolls back to the kitchen, walking in as George was placing their breakfast onto separate plates, spooning the steamy hot vegetables into the middle of each. The brunette turns around as he hears his friend come back, his finger slightly brushing the heated pan. He murmurs a small ouch, shaking his hand out.

“George! One thing I tell you not to do and you manage to do it.” Dream groans, whacking his head lightly. “Go run it under water.”

George rolls his eyes. “It’s fine Dream. Jeez, you’re so overprotective.” 

The blonde shakes his head about to retort when a tired-looking Sapnap trudges in, taking in the smell wafting through the kitchen. Looking over George’s shoulder, the man raises his eyebrows in surprise. He’s gotta admit, it all looks pretty good. “Ok so maybe not a total disaster.” He says in greeting. They sit down at the table and Dream and George dig in, stopping to watch as Sapnap takes an apprehensive bite.

“Fuck!” Sapnap shouts as he swallows quickly, racing over to the fridge and stuffing ice into his mouth. “The smell is so misleading,”

Dream bursts into peels of laughter, his fork clattering into his plate as he holds his chest. He turns to look at George, finding a confused expression that only fuels the hysterics. 

The Brit stares at him slightly horrified. One of these days, Dream’s lungs are going to fail him.“Is he being dramatic? It’s not that bad.” George frowns looking back at Sapnap who was gulping water down rapidly.

“No it’s not that.” Dream wipes his eyes. “He can’t handle spicy stuff, like at all.” 

“Oh,” George snorted, watching Sapnap who was looking through the containers of spices left on the countertop. 

“George, how much of this shit did you use?” Sapnap groans, holding up the red stuff. His mouth was on fire. 

“Ah about that,” George braces. “I pretty much dumped it.” 

“Dumped-” Sapnap exhales, glaring at Dream who was snorting into his plate discreetly. He thought about making something else, but realized he was too lazy so he settled at the table, a large glass of ice water in hand.

After they watch Sapnap suffer through the meal, they gather around the island, scrolling through their phones.




“Hey George, do you want to go over to Karl’s later?” Sapnap asks after a few minutes. 

George looks up. He really didn’t want to go and face all the apologies and stuff he was definitely going to get. He glimpses up to his friend’s apprehensive stare and sighs internally. He could tell the man wanted to see a certain someone. He also knew the man probably wouldn’t go if George said no. “Yeah sure.” He nods. 

Dream frowns slightly, noticing a change in the Brit’s demeanor. 

Sapnap frowns. “Are you sure? We can stay if you want-“

“Sap, chill.” George shakes his head. “I wouldn’t say yes if I wasn’t ok with it.” He tells him reassuringly, looking back at his phone. In his peripherals, he sees the other’s eyes brighten, his own mood brightening along with it. 

“Also, I told Karl I wanted to take him out to dinner if we decided to go over. So, that’s happening.” Sapnap flushes bright red, rubbing the back of his neck. George and Dream snickers at the man. 

“George, I think we’re being replaced.” The blonde says playfully.

“We definitely are.” George responds.

“Hey, are you sure you want to go?” Dream asks as Sapnap leaves to change out of his pajamas.

“Yup.” George reassures. “Why wouldn’t I?” 

The blonde shrugs, still skeptical. “I just felt like, I dunno. Nevermind.” 

“Ah, ok.” The other answers, shooting him a questioning look. Dream sighs. Now he feels like an idiot.




A few hours later the trio descends down to the eleventh floor, knocking at Karl’s door.

“Hey guys.” Karl greets. He looks at George like he wants to apologize but catches the expression on the other’s face and decides to stay quiet. “Come in.” He smiles instead.

George walks in behind his friends and takes a breath, preparing himself for the mayhem that is sure to come. Sure enough, as soon as he takes a few steps into the room, everyone is crowding the trio, concern and apologies rushing out of them. 

“Hey so sorry dude.”

“Are you ok?”

“Guys give them a little space.”

“You ok George?” 

“So sorry about what happened man.”

George takes another step behind Dream, debating just booking it back to the elevator. The taller man notices his uncomfortable stance, glancing back at the brunette. Before Dream can speak up, another voice sounds, quieting the wave of voices.

“Guys!” Karl shouts. “I’m pretty sure this isn’t helping.” They agree, quietly murmuring apologies as they head back to the living room. 

George settles between Dream and Sapnap on the couch, rubbing his neck awkwardly. “I appreciate the concern, really guys. I’m fine, don’t worry about it.” He reassures, waiting until the worried expressions turn into relieved ones.

“You guys want to play?” Dream asks, gesturing to the Switch. A babble of conversation sparks as they turn on the console, hyping themselves up for another tournament. George nudges the blonde’s shoulder in gratitude, and the man shoots him a smile before catching the control Wilbur had thrown at him. 

“Ok guys. We’re going to head out for a bit.” Karl blushes as he gets up off the floor in front of Sapnap’s legs, both of them standing up. Everyone sends them smug looks and waves them away, pretending to go back to the game. As soon as they leave, the group collectively laughs, discussing how idiotic the two are.

“I’ve never seen Karl this open with anyone before.” Jack shakes his head, riveted by the match going on between Dream and Techno. 

“Sapnap is usually pretty closed off with new people. This is pretty strange behavior for him too.” George admits. 

“Plot twist, they’re soulmates.” Ranboo says, his words suddenly tapering off into a cheer as Techno beats Dream with one life remaining. 

The blonde groans in defeat, the two of them shaking hands dramatically before turning to George. “You’re bad luck George.” He whines. 

“Excuse me?” The Brit raises an eyebrow. “Gimme the thing.” He snatches the controller out of his palm, sliding down to sit on the floor. “Techno, you and me. Let’s go.” 

Dream scoffs and leans his forearms on his knees, watching as the game begins. George loses the first round purposefully, wanting to see the “I-told-you-so” look on Dream’s face. He smiles sweetly at his friend before turning back to the game. It’s not long before the Brit absolutely creams the pink-haired man, winning with three of his lives remaining. 

He leans back against Dream’s knees, tilting his chin up to see the man’s mouth hanging open, along with everyone else’s. “Please tell me you went easy on him,” His friend turns to Techno. 

“Nope, not even a little bit. Damn, that’s impressive George.” Techno shakes his head, everyone erupting into cheers of admiration. Dream facepalms in humiliation as the brunette smiles in victory. 

“Why the fuck haven’t you play like that until now?!” Wilbur exclaims in awe.

George shrugs. “I dunno-“

“He was waiting for Dream to say something stupid.” Ranboo cackles, standing up and punching the blushing blonde in the shoulder before heading to the kitchen to get some snacks.

“That’s true, I can always count on that happening.” George admits. 

They laugh and play into the night, everyone taking George on and losing miserably, including Dream. The blonde huffs in amusement at the concentration on his friend’s face as he played the game. He still can’t believe he lost that badly, more than once too! Sapnap and Karl come back at around one in the morning and join the match, deflecting all the teasing questions thrown at them.

The trio decided to head out as the clock struck two, eyes droopy and stomachs stuffed with unhealthy junk food. Sapnap stays behind a bit longer saying goodbye to everyone as Dream and George trudge down the hall drowsily. 

The taller man’s eyes light up in remembrance of the events that took place two hours before. “So, should I be aware of anything else that you’re better than me at?” He pokes fun, grabbing the Brit’s wrist as he steps into the elevator.

George turns around pulling his hand out of the taller man’s grip, a small smile on his lips. “Good question. I guess you’ll never know.” He catches a glimpse of the astonished look on Dream’s face as the elevator doors closes, laughing as he realizes his friend had forgotten to get in. 

As the elevator dings, his phone does as well. 

Dream: you are full of surprises Mr. Davidson

George: ;)



There you go, Charlie. Here wear these glasses of yours and the look is…complete!”

I looked into mirror seeing my hair colored much differently than I thought it would be. I had completely put my trust on Finn and let him choose what color to dye my hair without me knowing. In all honesty, I was in love with every part of it. 

My first instinct was to look at the floor, for some reason. I saw chunks and loose strands of my dark hair which had been chopped off. Already horrified by the sight, I gaped upwards expecting a monstrous sight, only to be greeted with the opposite attraction. 

I had put all of my trust on Finn and let him choose my hair color, style and all without telling me. All I could say is that he had an amazing sense of selection. Speaking of the man himself, Finn had been sitting outside on the phone with his friend, Nicholas.

Nicholas? -

Clay? ~

Stop being so overly paranoid. -

“How much?” I asked, taking out my wallet. 

Jay, the stylist who had on my hair looked at me strangely. “Huh?”

“What does the total come out as?” I clarified, holding out some cash, trying to count my money.

“It’s on the house, Charlie.”

“No, please. I insist. You did such great work, I feel the need to pay.” 

“That wont be necessary.” 

“Oh, come on. Atleast let me leave a tip.” 

“I have been instructed to take no cash from you, now if you would make this easier for me and leave.” Jay tried saying the sentence the nicest way possible, ushering me out the door. 

I shrugged and walked over to where Finn sat, tapping his shoulder. He turned around, his eyes widening as he looked at my new hair. “Now I no longer have trust issues with you.” 

“You had trust issues with me?”

“I have trust issues with anyone who tries to make my hair green.”

“Oh, come on.” 

I swear, this isn’t my paranoia. ~

It is, you said the same thing to Jay, it’s a common phrase. -

Yeah, sorry. ~

You’re apologizing to your own brain, dumb ass. -

“Charlie?” 

“Sorry, I spaced out. Ready to see Will?” 

“Yeah, lets rock and roll.” He grabbed onto my hand. 

I looked at the blonde weirdly. “Never say that again.”

“Why?”

“It’s making me cringe.”

“Shut up.” Finn let go of my hand and slid it into his pocket. I rubbed my hands together, missing it’s warmth. 

I sighed, a cool gust of air leaving my mouth. “Finn?”

“Yes?” He looked my way, taking his hands and fixing my hair. 

“Since you know a lot of other content creators, do you know Clays middle name?” I purposely grabbed his hand and moved it from my face, only to hold it.

“It’s Clay.” He watched a flock of pigeons fly by. 

“Don’t pull my leg. He’s already been trying to convince me his middle name is- crap, he wasn’t lying?” I remembered my dumb actions.

“Charlie, his middle name is Finn.” He said the same way Dream had making me think about how similar the two were before shaking the strange feeling off.

“Oh. Well then I’ve got another apology coming his way.” I smiled at Finn and he laughed a little at me. 

“You really should believe that man more.” I scrunched my nose and nodded my head.

“I guess I should…We’re here.” I turned to face the stairs up to the building and dragged the blonde towards it by hand.

“Already? I guess time does really fly by when your having lots of fun with the ones you love.” I looked back at him and he flashed me a cute grin. 

I felt my dumb smile turn into a look of awe for a quick second before I rolled my eyes at the boy and forcefully pushed him up the steps. “Then that must be why my streams last for hours.” He scoffed.

The two of us kept childishly arguing until we got to the requested doorstep. Finn knocked on the door and Will answered almost instantly. “Hello? Sorry, do I know you?” 

Will squinted his eyes while looking at Finn, his expression lightening at the sight of him. I could feel his confused stare on my head though I was facing the ground. My glasses were near to falling off, so I forced myself to face upwards.

“Finn.” The blonde held his hand out to Will, him being as still as a statue in his state of pure shock. 

“Finn?” He repeated, taking a hold of Finns hand with both of his and shaking it furiously.

“I’m only here to drop him off then, mate?” I said with a sarcastic tone. He laughed after realizing who I was, holding his arms out. 

I practically attacked him with a hug. “Oh my fucking gosh. What have you done to this hair of yours? Whatever it was, I fucking love it.” 

“Thank this man. He picked out every singular part of it.” He closed the door after allowing the two of us inside. “Did a well enough job for some of my original trust issues with him to cut off for now.”

Finn rolled his eyes and flicked me on the forehead. Will showed us around and we sat at the sofa when we were finished. He kept looking at Finn, his eyes filled with curiosity and suprise.

“Wilbur.” 

He hummed in response to the blondes calling. “Your staring.”

“Oh. Sorry, it’s just so good to finally see you, Finn.” He said.

Finn put the glass of water he was drinking on the coffee table. “It’s great to see you again as well.” He told him, wiping the corners of his mouth with his sleeve. 

Will smiled, diverting his attention towards me. “I still wonder, George has brown eyes and dark brown hair. Then somehow you came to having jet black hair and green eyes. How is that even possible?”

“I don’t know. That’s a question for only mum to answer and father to know.” 

I laughed, seeing that Finn was holding back his own laughter. Will and I kept cracking jokes about literally anything though every time, Finn seemed to be attempting to keep his mouth closed, his laugh being held under the same shell.

After a while, the three of us decided to play Mario Kart. I ruffled the blondes hair after he cheated by messing with my controller. “You can’t just fucking do that and then fucking speed run teh whole thing.”

“Hey, you never made any rules.”

“Fuck you, bitch.”

He stuck his tongue out.

-

We sat there after finishing a few other games, talking and plainly chilling for the next half an hour before there was a notification on Finns phone. He opened it, looking at the screen, then my face, then back. 

“Whats wrong?” I asked, wondering he was so tense. 

“Nothing. I need to pick up my kitten from the vetinary.” He sighed, getting up from his seat. I was holding his hand without knowing, so when I felt him squeeze it gently, I knew he was asking for me to come.

“Oh, alright. I guess, I should be on my way as well. Bye, Will. It was nice to see you, I had a lot of fun.” I give him a smile, hugging his side. 

“Bye, Charles. Nice seeing you, Finn.” Will gaped at the blonde once more and grinned, still slightly in shock. “Come again. Anytime you’d like.” 

“I’m only going to say this for the fact its true, you were the second dumbass to see my face.” 

He laughed and waved us goodbye. We made our way back to the car and started heading home. Finn agreed to meeting George after getting his kitten. The vetinary was a street or two away, so I dropped him off and offered to drive him to our home if it didn’t take too long, but he insisted I go. 

And as soon as I got home, I was bombarded with questions.

“Where is Clay?”

“The vetinary, picking up his kitten-.”

“Did Wilbur recognize you?”

“He did, but it took him a second-.”

“Was he shocked to see the two of you?”

“Yeah, especially Finn-.”

“When is Finn getting here?”

“George, please. He’s a few streets down at the vetinary.” I put my keys on the counter and petted Loki on the head while Bennet walked to his food bowl.

I took out the dog food and spilled it into the twos bowls, along with some water. They both scurried to there lunch while I scratched them. The door bell rang and George sprinted to the door from his spot on the sofa. 

“Hey, Charlie. I-.” Finn stopped dead in his tracks when he laid eyes on George. The boys eyes met, ones a dark chocolate and the others a emerald green.

“Hi. My name is George. I’m Charlie’s older brother.” He told him, their gazes holding them frozen. 

“No need for introduction, I know who you are. I’m Finn, it’s nice meeting you.” Finn spoke in a way which oddly reminded me of Dream. 

As soon as the blonde spoke his name, George’s mouth fell open. Finn held his hand out politely, waiting for my brother to shake it though he only stood there. “Can I by any chance…get a hug?”

“Of course.” He replied happily. The two were embracing as I watched, confused on what was happening. 

I felt a soft tuft of fur brush up against my leg. My first instinct said it was one of my dogs, but both of them were eating. I looked down to see a cute little kitten with a lime colored collar.

“Aww…Aren’t you a cutie?” I kneeled down and the kitten faced me before meowing cutely.

“That’s my new kitten. My cat gave birth and I gave away most of the kittens, but kept this one. His name is undecided, but I really like the name Luca.”

Luca?

I tilted my head and looked at the kitten, giving it an ear scratch.

Luca…

My head shot over to Finn who seemed nervous. “Of course the name isn’t offic-.”

“It’s finalized.” I put my finger up to his lips, declaring something he hadn’t approved, never leaving my cold, green eyes from his. 

His eyes looked soft, but you could easily tell there was a sudden surge of pressuring lust in them. George cleared his throat and Finn looked down after realizing we had been staring for a little too long. 

I laughed under my breath before petting the furry being ahead of me, still watching Finn intently. Eventually, I swooped Luca into my arms and headed for the counter. 

“Well. Are we making some cupcakes or not, boys?” The two cheered in response as the blonde came up behind me. I handed him a black apron and George went over to the supply closet.

Me and Finn looked over at him, wondering what he was doing, but he continued nonetheless. George started setting up a camera in front of the counters, giving a full view of the kitchen for whoever would be watching.

“George, what is the camera there for?” I questioned. He stopped for a second and started again. 

“Nothing.” He walked over to the stairs before stopping midway in his tracks to turn back to us. “Memories, you could say. The security cameras aren’t able to capture memories, so this camera will be good enough. I’ll be upstairs.”

We laughed at him as soon as we heard the bedroom door slam. I was having a wonderful time with Finn. We both talked lots through the process of mixing and I realized he was nothing like I had expected. He was funny and chaotic, being the near opposite of what I had taken from his first impression.

He threw flour at me after I called him a prissy pants for wanting to do everything the box said to do, also known as ‘the right way’. That was the start of the mess. It didn’t matter much because afterwards we both cleaned up while singing random songs I had on my playlist. 

I took the cupcakes out of the oven since they were finished and turned off the camera. The two of us waited for the cupcakes to cool, so we could ice them by playing some songs at full volume and dancing around. By now George had joined us downstairs, attracted by the smell of cocoa going throughout the whole house. 

“Smells decent and not burnt. Good job.” He told me, poking at one of the cupcakes to check it’s temperature. 

“Very funny.” I said, drying the last dish as Finn handed it to me. “Wanna watch a movie with us?” 

“Sure.” George grabbed a bag of crisps from the pantry closet.

“Innit is in the area, correct?” 

“Yeah, why?”

A smile crept onto my face and Finns as well. “Lets just say, Tomathy will be surely suprised if he comes over today.” 

He made a distorted face of disgust after putting one if the crisps in his mouth, throwing the whole bag away in the garbage. “What did you say? Sorry, I was too distracted by those awful chips.”

“Innit will be receiving an invitation shortly.”

“Ah, I see.” George plopped himself onto the sofa.

“Text him saying that you need him to come here for a few hours for an important video.” He did as I told, immediately taking his phone and clicking his screen. “Also say I won’t be home.”

“Okay, Charles.” George looked at his phone, enticing a reply. “He says he’ll be here by three.”

“It’s half past two.” I said, checking my wrist watch.

George nodded. “How is he  going to get here so fast?”

“He went canoeing in the ocean with Tubbo. Not that great of an idea, but they did it anyways.” I closed the dishwasher and dragged Finn to the sofa. “Tubbos coming as well, right?”

“Yeah, Tommy’s dad is dropping them off here.” 

“Good, I was planning on showing Tubbo first. He hasn’t seen my face, so when he sees what I used to look like when Innit and I met for the first time verse now.”

“As if. We all know how much you and Tommy love each other. Watching his streams, talking to him every day, he could possibly be your best-.”

I death glared the brunette, seeing Finn biting his lip to hold back his laughter. “I don’t know why, but I’m starting to like my fake brothers better than my real one.” I punched his shoulder as he faked getting hurt. 

“Hey, don’t argue.” Finn said, pretending to be worried. “The british men are coming.” He whisper yelled and I rolled my eyes. 

“Your such an idiot.”

“Where are we heading now again?” 

Clay and George were walking along a wide, dirt path. The sun boiling hot above their heads, almost burning their skin. The two had forgotten to apply sunscreen before going out, and Clay was hoping that they wouldn’t have to be out in the sun for too long. 

George was noticeably paler then Clay, his skin almost milky white compared to Clay’s tan skin. That also meant that the other got sunburnt easier. But hopefully they’d arrive at their destination soon.

“We’re going to Niki’s farm. I need to buy more groceries, since I’m running low.” Clay answered the Brit walking alongside him. Dust swirling up into the air from the road under their feet. 

“Oh, yeah. Is it far?” George asked curiously.

“Not really, it’s only a couple of minutes from here.” the blond answered swiftly. He tilted his head slightly upwards, towards the sun, and closed his eyes. Basking in the feeling of warmth. It felt comforting, yet slightly uncomfortable, and sweaty.

The environment around here was really pretty. Large, open fields visible as far as you could see. The crops growing there ready to harvest by now.

After some walking Clay felt a firm hit on his shoulder, making him almost lose his balance. Startled, he looked over at George, who had a playful smirk plastered across his lips. He was running ahead of Clay.

“Come on slowpoke, last one there is a rotten egg!” he shouted as he started running along the road. A large cloud of dust hit Clay in the face, making him cough. His arm flew to his mouth. The other was quite fast, he had to admit.. 

But not as fast as Clay. The blond knew that he could run faster. Clay was a very competitive person, and he was always up for a challenge, no matter how big, or small.

“Oh really now?” he quirked an eyebrow at the challenge, before starting to jog after the other.

The brunet was pretty far ahead, by many meters, but it wasn’t that far for Clay. He started running ever so slightly faster as he noticed George slowing down.

Soon enough, George started panting heavily, clearly winded from running under the hot sun. And Clay passed the Brit with ease.

“What was that Georgie~?” the taller cooed as he slowed down next to the other. 

The brunet was stood bent over, resting his hands on his knees, breathing heavily.

“Shut- up-” George was clearly flustered at the nickname, his cheeks turning a bright red. Though that could be because of the running. He was barely able to get his words out between short, shallow, breaths. 

“You- win-“

-

As the two entered the shop, a small ding emerged from the door, and they were greeted by a soft, sweet voice.

“Hello!” 

A short woman was stood by a large shelf, rearranging the products that were in it. She had pink, shoulder length hair, and blue eyes. She was wearing a simple, white top, and black jean shorts. 

“Hi Niki.” Clay smiled at the pink haired woman. Who kept speaking.

“What do you need today?” she walked up to Clay, still holding a couple of products in her arms.

“I’m not sure actually, we’ll just have a look around.” the blond answered politely, just now realizing that Niki doesn’t know who George is. The brunet was standing next to Clay, probably finding it comforting to be close to someone he knew. 

He looked uncomfortable, almost scared, hiding slightly behind Clay’s back, as a child would do when scared of something. 

There were no other people in the small shop however, that was a relief, both for Clay, and probably George as well, considering how he was acting.

“We?” Niki gave Clay a confused look, before noticing the brunet by his side. “Oh!” her gaze lit up, she was clearly more comfortable with speaking to new people then Clay was. And that was probably a must when working in a shop like this one.

“Hello! I’m Niki, I own this farm, nice to meet you!” she held out her hand towards the brunet in a polite gesture, George now seeming a little more comfortable around the pink haired, a small smile creeping onto his lips.

“I’m George.” the Brit smiled shyly at Niki, putting out his hand as well, and connecting them in a short handshake.

“Hope you guys find what you need.” 

-

“Clay, look!” George shouted from across the room. 

Clay was stood holding a grocery bag in his hands. It was about halfway full of products, and was getting quite heavy. 

The blond slowly strutted over to George, past the many shelves that were in the store. They were all filled with products that Niki harvested from her farm. She sold more simple product, such as milk, eggs, and flour. But she also sold things like fruits and vegetables. Her shop had every raw product that you could possibly ask for.

“What is it?” Clay stood next to George, who seemed to be holding something in his hands. He held the items out for the taller to look at them.

“They look so good!” 

George was holding two glass bottles. Clay took one of them and inspected it. The bottle felt nice and cool in his hands, and the liquid inside looked very refreshing. The blond looked at the tag on the bottle. ‘Homemade strawberry soda’.

The other was right, the drinks looked very good.

“Do you want them?” he turned the bottle he was holding, letting the cold glass lay in his hand. “I have nothing against paying for them, they look delicious.” he added quickly.

“Yes!” George grasped the beverage he was holding tightly, looking up at Clay with a smile, making the blond feel butterflies in his stomach. He had grown a liking to George over a really short period of time, and loved to see him happy. 

-

Clay put the grocery bag down on the marbled coutertop. It tipped over slightly, some of the contents spilling out of it.

The blond sighed and went over to a cupboard, he was absolutely parched after the walk home. He had been carrying the heavy bag the entire way, George not helping him in the slightest.

The brunet had been impatient, sipping on his strawberry soda the entire way home, and mocking Clay for not having any. But now, finally, he could get his drink.

Clay placed a glass down on the counter, then walking over to the bag once again, rummaging through it until he found the familiar looking, glass bottle. 

George was stood leaning over the opposite side of the counter, as per usual. He looked tired, and bored, twirling his brown locks in between his fingers as he had nothing else to do.

Clay went over to the freezer, taking out a tray of ice cubes and plopping a couple in the glass before placing it back again. “Hey, George?” 

He caught the brunet’s attention, who stopped fiddling with his hair. “What?” 

“Could you put the stuff away?” Clay gestured to the groceries on the counter as he opened the bottle of soda, a refreshing, fizzy sound emerging from the drink. 

“Hm..” George rolled his eyes dramatically as he thought. “No.” he answered nonchalantly. 

“What? Why?” Clay whined, pouring his drink into the glass. 

“I don’t feel like it.” the brunet answered, now back to twirling his hair. 

Clay got slightly annoyed at George’s attitude, though he knew that the other was probably just exaggerating to get a reaction out of Clay, and it was working. “Okay then..” he decided to play along.

“You’ll be sleeping on the mattress tonight.” Clay took a large gulp of the soda, his mouth immediately filing with the refreshing taste of strawberries.  

“Alright.” George answered, unbothered. That made Clay even more annoyed. George knew that the matters was pretty uncomfortable, right?

“What?” Clay pouted. “So you’d rather sleep on the floor then help me a little?” he spoke softly, giving the other puppy eyes.

“Correct.” George stood up and started slowly walking around the counter, to Clay’s side. His attitude seeming to have changed immensely. A playful glimpse now visible in his dark brown eyes. 

He walked even closer to the taller, who chuckled, confused. Why was George so cocky all of a sudden? 

Soon the other was close enough for Clay to back up slightly. He turned away from George, feeling as his cheeks burned red. Clay was usually the one messing around with George, so for the brunet to be acting like this..

When he turned to face George again, the brunet had an innocent smile across his lips. He giggled softly. “In all seriousness, you can sleep in your bed tonight.”

Why was he acting like everything was normal again?

The other kept speaking.

“You’ve been sleeping on the floor for what? Five, six days now?”

“No it’s fine-” Clay tried to assure George that he was okay with it, but was quickly interrupted again.

“Shh.” the brunet put his finger up to Clay’s lips, silencing him. “I appreciate it, I really do, but it’s time you get some proper rest as well.” he smiled. 

It had happened again, hadn’t it? Clay had been so focused on caring for others that he hadn’t taken care of himself properly. He drooped his head down slightly, feeling ashamed. 

It was true, even though he didn’t want to admit it, he hadn’t been getting enough sleep, especially since he had to get up so early. Maybe he needed this after all? 

He smiled at the thought of someone actually caring for him, not being used to it at all.

“Okay.” Clay finally complied. 

“Good.” George smiled. “Now if you’ll excuse me..” he walked up to the grocery bag.

“I’ll be putting these away.”


In one minute, I’d be meeting my date. Well, hopefully. If he didn’t bail or come late. I could care less if he came late, but I would kill something is he decided to bail. I was also dressed up, not fancy, but in a style of clothing I like. 

I was wearing baggy black ripped jeans with a black pair of tall combat boots. My top was a white and black sweatshirt with a small Los Angeles logo in the top left corner. It was a pretty cute top.

I didn’t want to dress up too much today because I didn’t feel like it. I wasn’t trying to impress the guy at all, so I did things my way. I also had on some old silver accented rings and mismatched earrings that one of my old friends had gotten me. 

The door bell rung. I was sitting in the living area waiting for my date, so I quickly got up and bolted for the door, you know…before George sees someone’s here and either tries to embarrass me or tries not embarrass me and fails. 

I swung the door open and looked to see a incredibly tall man standing ahead. It was a good thing I wore these boots otherwise I’d look like a tiny little shrimp. They added like four inches to me height, making me six foot two. 

“Hello. I’m Will, you’re Charlie correct?” He held out his hand for me to shake and I did. I nodded as he looked around. “Whoever decorated this place did a really wonderful job.”

“Thank you. I decorated this place.” I said, Will making a sound of realization. “Why don’t you come in?” I moved out of the way and let him step inside. 

“Do you live here alone?” 

I sat down on the sofa as Will took his shoes off at the door. “No, I have an older brother. His name is George.” The man looked back, half startled by my words.

“What did you say?” He started walking over and sat down next to me. 

“I said his name was George. Why?” I questioned. Will was very good looking, not going to lie, but he also looked like the kind of guy that could be mentally insane. Five bucks to say he was. 

“I’m Wilbur Soot? Have you heard of me or not because I know your brother pretty well if I do say so myself.” 

“Wait, Wilbur? The guy that George went to go see at the Pizza Hut around a month ago?” 

“Yeah, yeah. That’s me.” He looked so happy to see I knew who he was. “Where is George right now?”

“I don’t know, I can call him down if you want-.”

“Please, thank you. That’d be great.”

I shrugged at how excited the man seemed and went upstairs to call down George and see what he was doing. When I got into his room he was sitting at his desk, his phone in hand. “Dream, she’s here.”

Dream: “Oh. Charlie, how do you like your date so far?”

“George he’s calling you downstairs.”

“Why?”

“I don’t even know. He’s the Wilbur guy that you went to Pizza Hut with.”

“Wilburs here?”

“Yeah.”

Dream: “So I see he’s introduced himself.”

“Listen, I’ll call you later.”

Dream: “Yeah, I figured. Now don’t have too much fun with him, Charlie.”

“Fuck off, princess.”

Dream: “Bye.”

“Bye.” George said, ending the call and racing downstairs.

I woke up from my nap, my head pounding. George was talking to someone so loudly that I could hear everything they were saying. I couldn’t sleep through anything, so I’m suprised I lasted this long.

Should I listen to what they’re talking about? That’s not intruding. Its eavesdropping. It’s not like anyone cares, though. I plastered my ear against the wall, still on my bed since it was by the wall that separated our rooms. 

George: “…almost eighteen.”

SapNap: “Yeah, but one question. Are you completely sure that she isn’t your secret girlfriend?”

Dream: “Nick, he’s completely sure.”

George: “She is in fact my little sister.”

SapNap: “Oh, wait…so she’s single?”

George: “Sap, I said she’s almost eighteen.”

SapNap: “Damn…so does that mean I can date her if I wanted to?”

George: “Shush. Charlie is really shy and very uncomfortable with almost everyone she meets. She hates strangers. She’s also really touchy- yeah, I don’t under her sometimes.”

Dream: “The girl is shy and touchy?”

SapNap: “Shes perfect for you. Soulmates, I say!”

George: “Stop yelling, you’ll wake her up!”

I kicked at the wall with my feet and hands, my back against the comfy mattress. “I’ve already been woken up by you dumb asses!” I yelled at the top of my lungs, trying to get them to invalidate that I’m shy, because truth is, I wasn’t. 

I just didn’t have enough human interaction to really tell whether I was shy. Someone started wheezing like a tea kettle. 

Dream: “So, that’s the shy sister of yours?”

George: “You said she’s touchy, right? I don’t think she would let a finger touch her.”

George: “Well, I did claim that she was loud and annoying earlier.”

I ran over to George’s room and sat down on his bed next to him. He was sitting on his bed, his phone in hand on a call. Thank the lord they couldn’t see me since I probably looked like a mess. I had just woken up, adding to my ugliness. 

“Hey, Charlie here. Don’t mind whatever crap this man has told you about me, most of it’s untrue. I’m not shy, I just can’t deal with strangers as well as I can with close friends and family.”

Dream: “I’m Dream and the guy who you heard yelling was SapNap.” 

“No need for long introductions. I know well about who the both of you are. George blabs nonstop about Dre-.”

George covered my mouth with his hand, another heavy hearted wheeze coming from the phones speaker. 

Dream: “George! (wheezing noises). Aww, George how adorable. How come you’ve never tried to meet us? You’re so much better than George.”

“Maybe because I didn’t want to.”

SapNap: “Do you play minecraft?”

“Yes, in fact I do. Whenever I get bored, I pay. I get bored extremely fast because I have an attention disorder also know as-.”

Dream: “Adhd.”

“Yeah.”

SapNap: “Wanna play with us sometime?”

“Mate, I was forced to be here and have this conversation in the first place. This was all I agreed to.”

George smacked my head in a playful way and I pretended to be in pain. 

SapNap: “Woah, did George just abuse his little sister?”

“Yeah, he did. I need saving from this mad man.”

Dream: “George is now officially canceled.”

George rolled hers eyes. “I hate all three of you.”

“I’m not so sure that’s true. I did clearly try and point out that you’re obsessed with Dream.”

He death stared me while Dream and Nick made fun of him from the other end of the call. “This is the reason I hate you all. Charlie, come on though. What’s wrong with playing Minecraft with my friends?”

Dream: “We don’t bite- well, Nicks really the only one you’ll have to worry about.”

SapNap: “Thanks for reassuring the girl, Dream.”

“Please, Charlie?”

Dream: “Oh, come on.”

They weren’t going to give up anytime soon. “Fine, invite me to the discord server. I’ll go to my own room and talk to you guys from there.”

I walked over to my room and started assembling some of Georges old stuff. Once I was done, I accepted the invitation and got into a voice chat. 

SapNap “What do you want to play?” 

“Do not know, do not care.” 

George: “What if we play with some of my other friends, so we can introduce you to them?”

“Ugh, do I have to?”

George: “Yes.”

“Bitch.”

Dream: “How is she even related to you?”

George: “I don’t know.”


i hum as i walk back from his house. glancing up at the stars every so often. 
i feel a shiver run up my spine from the chilliness of the night. i feel unperturbed… invincible. 
i havent felt like this in a while… its been awhile ive felt this happy. 
i reach my house and sneak around the edge to my window that should be unlocked…nope. of course. 
i chuckle and walk to my sisters window thats open, warm light spilling onto the grass. “do you have to lock my window every time?!” i whisper at her, being careful not to wake my mom. 
she grins evilly and pulls me through into her room. 
its a small room, but she’s made use of all the space, every inch covered in posters, paintings. 
i sigh, “tonight was a ride.” she smirks, “im sure it was-” and pulls something behind her back. fuck, “oh my god drista, AGAIN?!? you were reading my journal werent you.” 
she smirks even more and nods. “DRISTA THERES PRIVATE STUFF IN TH-” 
she interrupts, “i know how you think now, generally and about people… i wouldve never figured that out with this thing.” 
she holds out the journal. 
i snatch it away and squeeze my eyes shut, leaning my forehead against the wall. 
“why would you go through my stuff.” i say blankly. “its not your stuff its just,” i cut her off, “why” 
she shrugs, looks down nervously and shuffles her feet. 
that sets off my nerves, “YOU DONT FUCKING KNOW!!? Y-” 
“well i guess it was because i was worried and wondering why you were suddenly always in your room and not hanging out with me… and mom.” 
thats really fucking stupid. 
“and you couldnt have asked me?!?” i wait, she doesnt say anything, “thats fucking pathetic.” 
and roll my eyes and stomp out, before leaving i pause, “just a warning. DONT do that again.” 
then leave her and head to my room to flop down on my bed. 
i was a bit too harsh… 
ive just been like that… always… 
saying things a little harsher than i mean, then apologizing later. 
i fall asleep, regretful.


i wake up and open my eyes, blinded immediately by the green. my room is green.. super green. almost everything is. i get up and walk out to the kitchen, to see drista eating toast. she shrinks as she sees me. i flinch, guess i was a bit harsh. “listen.” i say starting to make myself a piece, “i was a bit harsh.. im sorry, just dont do that k?” i smile at her. she smiles back, “ok… but what is your deal with that dude.” i groan, “DRISTAAAA-” mom steps into the kitchen, “what’re you doing today sir?” i blink and think for a second, suddenly remembering how close george is, i say, “probably something with george.” she perks up, “ooh, who’s george?” drista snickers, “his cru-” i cut her off quickly, “my friend. sorry she doesnt know what she’s talking about,” then i add, “on that note, im going to go- drista. dont give me that look. i’ll be back,” drista smirks at me but waves, i head out the door, grabbing my skateboard on the way out. i hear someone yell and turn around, drista runs down the sidewalk towards me. she breathlessly says, “here give him these.” handing me flowers and running back into the house. god.

im getting dressed as i hear mom yell from downstairs, “a boy is at the door george-” i smile, knowing who that boy is. 
i skip down the stairs, wearing one of my many light blue shirts and some shorts. 
i open the door, “hello,” he responds with, “hey george!” 
i spot what he’s holding, “is that a skateboard?” he smirks, “it sure is.. get out here,” 
i close the door as he grabs my arm and tugs me down the lawn, onto the road. 
i spot something else, sticking out from his pocket, “whats that?” 
he looks down, “oh i forgot,” 
he hands a few flowers to me. 
i feel my face explode with happiness, “there for me?” 
he smiles, “yes you idiot. drista wanted me to give them to you,” 
i grin. he grabs my hand and takes off running down the sidewalk. after a few minutes he slows outside the skatepark. i slow too, by his side. i suddenly remark, my lips moving before i can think, “your hand is very warm.” he smiles back at me, “your hand is very soft.” 

we start down the stairs and once we reach the bottom clay grabs my arm, i glance at him but he doesnt say anything, just tugging me ahead. he pushes me out the door then stands on his toes, checking sapnap, karl and quackity. 

after seeing they’re fine, i walk out with george. “they’ll be fine… they’ve done this before.” i say, mostly for myself. apparently george doesnt take it like that so he says, “ok, but i didnt ask.” a flicker of annoyance touches my chest, “well. maybe i wasnt talking to you.” theres a hot silence while we walk to my house. once we reach it, i turn to him, “uh, im sorry for being so uptight about you leaving, i… i might have been a bit too harsh. fuck it brain. he responds immediately with, “no i swear my fault… i- i overthinking a lot… too much..” i tilt my head, good to know… me too. “its fine… i dont think most people trust me anyways-” i say, it being true. 

i gasp, “i do!” he raises his eyebrows at me so i change it to, “im working on it.. but i will.” he smirks at me and starts to say, “well b-” 
but a girl runs out and hugs his middle. she whispers yells at him, “mom said no late nightssss clayyyyy you ‘bout to get in troubleee” 
he chuckles and pats her head, “not if you help me~” 
she responds eagerly with, “candy?” 
he smiles, “you got yourself a deal.” booping her nose. 
she suddenly hides behind his legs, staring at me, “who’s this-” 
“this is george,” he says, finally meeting my eyes with his emerald ones. “george.. this is drista, my sister,” 
i smile at her, “nice to meet you drista,”reluctantly breaking eye contact with clay. she suddenly exclaims, “OH GEORGE!!” 

both me and george tilt our heads at her. wtf is she talking about. 
she says slyly, “i was reading about you.” oh fuck…. “in exactly what drista?!” i say sternly.
she adds, “your journal.” 
i explode, “DRISTA. you are not allowed in my room!!” 
undeterred, she glances up at george, “you werent lying about how pretty he was,”
she shrugs, “alright big bro. i’ll leave you to it, good luck with him,” winking and skipping off innocently. i rub my face, “forget everything she said.” 

i reply smirking, “im sorry, but this memory wipe could not be completed. content to valuable.” he rolls his eyes, “shut up. your an idiot.” i decide to play with him further and mimic his tone, “am i now~” he blushes, i least i think he did, he turns away too quickly. i smile, as he mumbles, “shut the fuck up,” 

my mind is racing…. about something that its never before… that wasnt even that… bad? i dont know anymore… i glance at him, through my hair he’s smiling, it sends butterflies to my stomach. i take a deep breath, it was just from the party probably… i control myself and without my consent, my mouth opens and says, “im going to walk you home.” he tilts his head, “now your being the idiot, but… if you insist.” he pulls out his phone and i watch his fingers dance across the screen, he looks up and i startle, “that way,” he says, so we continue walking. they walk a few blocks then stop, “hey wait… my house is so f.. i mean, so close..” i chuckle, and again my mouth moves before i can think, “perfect.” it says. he looks at me, “what d’you mean perfect?” he says curiously. i look away, fuck, “which ones yours?” 

i poke him, “heyyyyyy your changing the subject on me~” he plays dumb, “changing what subject?” i roll my eyes and quickly take a picture of him.

i manage to control myself and not blush, “what was that for?” he smiles and tucks his phone away humming. stupidhead, he points at a brick house, “its that one, well clay,” he sighs, “i guess this is goodnight..” he giggles, a noise i havent heard him make yet, he says in a noble sounding voice, “i suppose it is oh fair george~” my eyes widen, “im fair?” he nods and i almost burst into a thousand pieces, oh god im fair im fair he thinks im fair oh godddd, i continue, “well then, goodnight oh brave and noble clay” they both collapse into giggles. i repeat, “goodnight,” 

“goodnight dork,” he smiles, waves and runs up to his front door, unlocking it and tiptoeing inside.

i clear my throat, “so…” i start, smirking, “do you wanna go first or me,” he scoffs, “you.” i shrug, “mkay,” i say, letting go of his hand reluctantly, and setting the board on the edge of the bowl. I wink back at him then hop on it and ride down into it. i do a few rounds, i would’ve done more but he was too distracting… watching me intently. so i jump out doing a spin i learned last summer, not at all to impress him… maybe… a bit… i hop off. “now you do that,” his mouth drops open, “dream!! ive never done this befo-” i roll my eyes at him, “come on, i was joking, heres some flat ground,” i pick up the board and lay it on a flat patch of pavement. he bites his lip and looks up at me, “can i- can i hold onto you..?” i nod, he grabs onto me no hesitation, and i feel a warmth rush through me. i flip back to the present as he steps onto the board. “what do i do now..?” he asks dumbly. i wheeze, “you idiot. you cant skate like that..stand like this.” i mimic my usual stance. “ok…like this?” he imitates me. “yup, bingo.” 


“clay can i have a break?” i ask shyly. “oh yeah of course,” he helps me off it, and we sit together, leaning against the fence. both of us become aware of someone watching. clay glances around and points, it takes me a while but i see her, heather. heather is with her friends, they’re all glancing and giggling over at us across the bowl. “i swear if she comes over.” clay cracks his knuckles. “clay….” i put my hand on his fists.

he put his hand on mine. i manage to keep my composure, but cant ignore the fact he left it there. i realize he’s taking listen in, hearing only the last part, “its probably just something random, er- probably.. yeah,” i shrug, “looks like we’re gonna find out.” heather walks over closely followed by her friends. i feel his hands tense under mine as she approaches and says, “hey i was looking at your moves,” my eyes widen, i thought she was looking at george. she adds, “you look good, in skill and…” her eyes travel over me, “there counterparts.” 

i feel him clench fists, and i clap my other hand over his, making her glance at me snootily. i clear my throat, “you need to leave.” she shrugs playfully, “okay. sure we will.” she drops a paper, and leans down to whisper in clay’s ear.

she whispers, “text me,” i frown at her as she walks away, and wait until she’s gone to shred the paper, “hate her. i swear… i dont think she remembered i punched her…” george giggles, and my heart melts a bit, “guess she didnt,” he answers. after a few seconds he adds, “hey.. do you wanna get ice cream?” i perk up, “ice cream!? yes please,” george grins then helps me up. we walk to the ice cream shop leisurely, slowly, taking our time. i keep spacing out, remembering how close he is. once we get there, we see the same girls again, “oh fuck are you kidding?!” i pull my hood tight, “guide me george, they must not see my face,” i say childishly. we sit down, him guiding me into chair. “they left stupidhead,” 

he pulls his hood down, his hair fluffing out, his lovely dirty blond hair. “woooo” he exclaims. “sooooo, what’re you getting,” i say, curious what his favorite ice cream is. his mouth pops open, he closes his eyes, thinking. which gives me time to study his face without him knowing. how tf did he get so many freckles… it reminds me of something… that i cant quite put my finger on… then a memory pops into my head.


i lay down on the itchy grass so physicked i dont care what im laying on. my mom however, does, and lifts me up to lay me on a blanket. she covers my eyes, and i remark, “what did you have for me mom?! is it a present?!?” she chuckles, “of sorts… its worth a lifetime,” she uncovers my eyes and tells me to look up. stars spread across the sky, unevenly, some in clusters, some all alone… 


right, thats what it reminded me of… the stars spread across the sky…. exactly like that… his eyes pop open and he exclaims, “mint chocolate chip!” 

he turns bright pink and i tilt my head, “of course,” he says, standing up to order it for me. 


The delightful smell of freshly baked bread filled the air as Clay opened the oven. He pulled out the hot contents with a pair of oven mittens and gently placed the tray of loafs on the marbled countertop located by a slightly opened window. He let the scent wander across the sleeping town as he threw his sage green mittens off his hands. 

It was still pretty early in the morning. Clay always had to get up at an early hour in order to bake for the day. He had a bunch of customers after all, so he needed to bake large batches, that took more time to make.

Once the loafs had cooled enough, Clay brought them into the main room of the bakery. The room was bigger then the kitchen, but still rather small. The walls were made out of a dark wood, together with the brick fireplace in the corner it gave the area a cozy and comforting atmosphere.

The blond took a deep breath through his nose, the scent of burning wood from the fireplace mixed with baked goods calming him down. It was the scent of his bakery, the scent of home.

 Tables and chairs were scattered across the room, where people could sit and eat. Each of the tables decorated with a small red and white checkered cloth, and a small glass vase with various colours of roses placed in them.

There was also a wooden counter where Clay took his orders and kept his money in a mint blue cash register. It was rather old however, so some rust was starting to appear on it’s smooth surface.

Beside the wooden one, there was also a glass counter, where the blond contained all of the different products he sold. Everything from simple loafs of bread, to cupcakes and pastries. The townsfolk loved Clay’s baking, and many of them were regulars at the bakery as well.

As Clay placed the fresh loafs behind the glass, he gave the clock on the wall a quick glance. 7:26 am. He opened at 7:30. Slowly Clay strutted up to the door that led into the main room. He placed his hand on the cool, gold, metal handle and turned the knob, a small click sounding from it. And lastly, he opened the thin curtain that covered the window of the door, and changed the small sign from ‘closed’ to ‘open’.

-

The rest of Clay’s day went by as normal. As always, his regulars came and bought from him, and even some townsfolk that didn’t come as often. 

Later in the day, after Clay had closed the bakery, he decided to go for a stroll around town. 

The fresh evening breeze brushed through his blond locks as Clay walked along the main road of the town. Small buildings similar to his bakery were located on both sides of the stony path. The ground bumpy and uneven under his feet as he walked. 

As he passed by the library the blond heard someone muttering to themselves. He turned to the building to see an incredibly tall, teenage boy, standing outside of the door, fiddling with a keychain in his hands. He looked frustrated as he went through the many keys. 

“Good evening, Ranboo.” Clay spoke softly, receiving the taller’s attention. “Need help with anything?” the blond guessed that Ranboo probably did, considering he looked awfully fed up. 

The teen jumped slightly and turned his attention away from the keys he were holding. He then turned towards the man asking him. “Good evening, Clay.” he bowed his head respectfully at the older before straightening his back again, rubbing his neck awkwardly. “Yeah.. I can’t remember which key is used to lock the door.” Ranboo chuckled slightly, seeming a little embarrassed at the inconvenience. 

Clay went up to the boy and took the keychain from his hands. “Here, I’ll help you.” the blond knew that Ranboo suffered from a bad memory. But Clay was a kind man, and always willing to help people in need. Sometimes he’d even go as far as prioritizing other people instead caring for himself. 

He kept fiddling through the many keys. The teen worked his first job at the library, the owner of it being Karl. And it seemed as the brunet had already made his way home. Unlike Clay, Karl didn’t live where he worked, and Ranboo had to stay and lock the door before he went home for the evening as well.

“There you go!” finally, the blond found the right key, and put it out for Ranboo to grab. The teen snatched the item in Clay’s hands and quickly locked the door. As Clay begun to walk again, he could hear the taller shouting from behind him. “Thank you, Clay!” 

-

Summer had recently arrived, and most flowers were in bloom by now. It was Clay’s favorite time of year. He was fond of the many different variants of flowers that existed. So many shapes, colours, and scents. It was intriguing indeed. 

As he walked past a flowerbed of daisies, the blond took a deep breath, his nose filling with the amazing scent. Clay highly enjoyed smelling flowers, he found it very calming for some reason, not exactly sure why. Maybe it reminded him of his childhood? He wasn’t sure. 

He had grown up in the small town, together with his best friend, Sapnap. But unfortunately, the other had moved to the larger city when they were younger. And they hadn’t seen each other in person since. It was quite sad when he thought about it. They still had a little contact, but not nearly enough according to Clay.

The thought of his best friend made Clay’s heart ache. He missed him a lot, and never even once had he considered visiting the city, and the castle. It seemed too crowded, too many people. And he enjoyed life here. Perhaps he was selfish, or perhaps he was scared. But of what? People? 

It was a stupid thing to be afraid of, really, but he had always had trouble making new friends, and speaking to new people. Maybe that was why he enjoyed the town so much? Where everyone already knows everyone. There’s no need for ever speaking to new people then. 

- 

A faint beeping noise woke Clay up. He turned in his bed uncomfortably, the thin sheets sticking to his sweaty skin. It had been an incredibly hot night, and Clay had had difficulties sleeping. He had barely even gotten any rest whatsoever. 

He threw the covers off of him and reached for his alarm clock, the noise quieting in an instant. He watched the clock tick with tired and droopy eyes. 5:02 am. Not even five hours of sleep, damn.

With heavy steps, the blond went downstairs and into the kitchen. He rubbed his eyes at the light that was already flowing in through the windows, gentle rays landing on his sun-kissed face, shining into his green eyes. He yawned slightly as he thought of what he wanted to bake today. Since he baked bread yesterday, perhaps he could make something sweet? 

Finally, Clay settled with making cupcakes. They were by far the best selling product at the bakery. His customers loved eating them, and Clay loved baking them. He enjoyed being able to turn a plain and simple treat, into something completely customized. And that was easy to do with cupcakes. Different flavored cake, different frosting, different toppings.. the list continues on. 

Dirty bowls were scattered across the countertop as the final trays of muffins were in the oven. By now, the entire bakery was smelling of vanilla. And Clay, he was already working on the frosting. He had added beetroot juice into the buttercream in order to get it a nice, light pink colour. 

When the muffins had finished cooling enough, the blond got to frosting them. He carefully lined up the piping tube to one of them, grasped the bag gently and..

“Boo!” 

Clay jumped at the sudden voices. Nearly squeezing frosting over the entire counter. The voices had come from the window. And there, three people were stood. 

Clay chuckled. “Good morning Tubbo, Tommy, Ranboo.” however, he couldn’t help but feel a tad bit annoyed at the group of teen boys. “What are you doing here this early?” he asked. 

At first none of the boys answered him, they just turned to each other and whispered something. Tommy was the one to speak first. “Give us cupcakes.” the blond boy made finger guns, pointing them in Clay’s direction through the window. But the blond only chuckled.

“Now.” Tubbo joined in on the fake robbery, also making finger guns at Clay. And it didn’t take long until Ranboo joined in as well. “Gimmie, gimmie, gimmie.” the tallest chanted. 

“You know I haven’t even opened yet right?” Clay said as he closed the window in the boys’ faces. Hearing muffled screaming from the other side. 

“YOU GREEN BASTARD, GIVE US CUPCAKES BITCH-” 

Tommy’s angry rambling got interrupted by Clay opening the window once again, only this time he was holding three, perfectly frosted, pink cupcakes in his hands. 

The boys’ eyes all widened as smiles were plastered across their lips. Simultaneously, the teens snatched one cupcake each before blurting out a quick ‘thank you’ and hurrying off to go do, who knows what. 

Clay wheezed at the trio before going back to frosting the rest of the cupcakes. He was opening soon after all. 



I silently walked back home, admiring the night sky and almost everything else I layed my eyes on. I didn’t bother to ring the doorbell, so I unlocked the front door with the key George had given me. 

He wasn’t downstairs in the living area or kitchen, so he must’ve been in his bedroom. I made my way upstairs and knocked on his door, making sure I wasn’t interrupting anything.

“Come in!” 

I opened the door and George tapped the spot on his bed next to him, signaling for me to come sit with him. I did as he pleased, still silent. 

“First I’m asking, is everything okay now?” He put his arm around me and rubbed at my shoulder in hope to comfort me. 

I nodded. “I’m totally fine…how is Clay?” 

“I have no idea.” He rested his head on my shoulder. “After you left, he was trying to reassure me that he was okay, but he kind of sounded…broken? From what I could tell, he isn’t angry with you.”

“Thanks, George. I don’t know why I went on that yelling spree. The both of you didn’t desrve that, sorry.” 

“No worries. It happens to everyone.”

“Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ll be in my room. Apologizing.”

-

As soon as my toes hit the bed after I hopped onto it, I pressed the call button without hesitation. “I’m sorry.” I looked out the window and at the stars, thinking of Clay himself.

“Its not your fault.” He tried to assure me. 

“Dont give me any of that crap. It is my fault.” I held the phone close to my face, making myself more comfortable on my bed. 

“People don’t lash out like that unless they’re hurt.” He sounded so calm and understanding, it made me feel even worse. 

“Dream, I wasn’t hurt. Well, I was- but, I was overreacting.” I adjusted my position, staring at the stars again. “I felt lonely.”

“If you were lonely, it was my fault.” 

He’s really not going to give up?

I feel like I’m fighting a toddler over who won a running race. “No, it isn’t.”

“You can’t convince me otherwise.” He spoke, obnoxiously. 

I rolled my eyes. I don’t enjoy losing whether it be a real competition or even a conversation. I switched the app I was on, getting onto discord. I sent him any good photo I could find of myself. Most were with Taehyung and Jungkook or the rest of their band. 

“…Now I feel guilty.” 

“For what?”

“I don’t want to show my face, yet.”

“No worries, mate. I did promise that sooner or later I was going to show all of my close friends my face. Plus, I owe you. Guess you won’t be competing for my face, Clayton.”

“My middle name is Finn.” He claimed out of the blue. I scoffed. 

“Very funny. George already told you about the barista?” I laughed, awaiting his answer.

“No? It’s Finn. Charlie, my real middle name is Finn.” 

“Okay, George has already shared the news with you then. It’s like you’re trying to give me false hope.”

“For what? What barista? Whos this other Finn?” 

“Hes pretty- cool.” I corrected myself almost instantly.

He giggled cutely. “Charlie has a boyfriend.” Dream teased as I sat up and crossed my legs. 

“Shut the honk up.” I whispered into the phone screen. “I’m trying my hardest to be nice to you.” 

“We’ll see how long that lasts. A little bird told me you sing for a real cafe now.”

I sighed. “Yeah and the irony is killing me. George punished me for the sharpie marker post.” I told him, fidgeting with my bedsheets. 

“I figured. Have you met any friends at the cafe other than the girl you enslaved as your own?” My bare feet attempted to pick up my bedsheets, but failed. I gave up and broght the blanket over myself.

“How did you know I-…you know, I’m not even going to ask.” His sweet lowercase laugh played again. “Finn has asked me to hangout with him, so that sounds fun.”

“What does he look like?” He asked, a small meow coming from his end. 

“Why do you care? Is someone jealous?” I teasingly joked. He cussed under his breath and I laughed. 

“I would like to inquire whether this certain barista would look nice as yoru boyfriend since I now have a picture of you.”

“Sure. He’s attractive.” My voice died down, going all raspy and deep. “He has emerald green eyes and dirty blonde hair which is messy in a neat way.”

“He sounds handsome, but I don’t seem to hear any excitement in your voice.”

“I mean, hes cute and all.”

“Then whats wrong? Is he mean, overconfident, weird?”

“No, he’s awesome from what I’ve seen.” I layed my head against my fluffy pillow and looked out to the stars again. “I just wouldn’t want to date him.”

“Why? He seems like a nice person.” 

“I don’t know him that well, yet. He’s nice from what I’ve seen. Finn is just not…he doesn’t have…have the kind of personality…that I like. I have gotten so used to mental idiots. Been influenced, you could say.” I laughed at my last sentence.

“Wait, you want someone who is completely in the head, correct?” 

“Yeah, I guess. I mean, I’ll cut him some slack and say I barely know him. Either way there’s no point. I wouldn’t care if he was the type of person I wanted.” 

“And why is that?” 

“I like someone else.”

“Oh.” He sounded disappointed. “Can I know who?”

“Hey, we’ve had enough of exposing me for one night.” I threw my head back, hitting the headboard. “Holy shit.”

“You okay?”

“I’m also used to hitting my head. Maybe thats why I have a terrible memory and zero clue to what’s going on sometimes.”

“Hitting your head too many times. It’s late there, get some sleep.”

“Sure. Talk to you soon, Dream. Goodnight.” 

“Bye.”

“Say goodnight, bitch.”

“Sweet dreams!” He screamed, ending the call.

I chuckled at his stubbornness and stared at the ceiling. I must have registered some sort of excuse to make up for the fact I didn’t want to date Finn. I mean, he was perfect and there wasn’t a single thing wrong I could find in him, my brain just instantly rejects him from the potential love interests column. 

My alarm went off, blasting the irritating noise into my ears. I woke up and stared at the ceiling. My pillow was held against my chest and my glasses were now pinned to my face. I had only thirty minutes before I had to make my way over to the Soot home.

I should get ready right about how. I lazily drifted out of bed and towards my bathroom, locking the door behind me as I entered. Undressing quickly, I entered the tiled walls of my showed and turned the shower head on. 

The water felt like hot lava as it smoothly rolled off my pale paletted skin. My freckles looked like drips of muddy water had painted my face and my cold olive eyes were more and more relaxed by the moment. I was engulfed in the warmth, but I had to gather myself and keave soon. 

I wore black sweatpants along with a sweater identically colored to my eyes with a plain white t-shirt underneath. I ran downstairs, grabbed the keys to my white jeep and walked over to the door before I stopped in my tracks from a odd sight. 

George was sitting out on the balcony, knees to his chest, hugging a pillow. Him and Luca used to sit there and watch the sunset and sunrise on good days. It was clear he had been missing Luca today. 

I sighed and walked over to him before taking a seat next to him in a cross legged formation. I placed my hand on his shoulder. “I miss her.” 

I looked over to him seeing the visible tears in his eyes. I took a hold of his hand, trying my best to comfort him since I’m terrible at feelings and emotion.

“I miss her, too.” I chuckled slightly at myself before continuing. “Miss her more than the band. They were annoying anyways. Why do you think I got Loki and Bennett? It felt so empty in here after Luca…” My breath hitched in my throat. 

I never realized that I had started crying until a tear of mine dripped onto my arm. The sorrow in Georges eyes was immense, it brought me pain. He looked so broken when he cried. 

“I-I…I’m sorry for leaving you lonely yesterday d-during…the stream. I…I f-feel so bad. I was wondering what i-it felt like to be alone and m-my thoughts brought me back to Luca.” His voice was shaky and he stuttered lots, getting quieter as he spoke. 

I gave him a sad smile and looked out to the clear sky. “Your eyes are actually very pretty.l He broke the silence. “You remind me of Luca sometimes. You know, you both had the same eye shape.”

“George, I know you really miss her. It was clear that the two of you were the best of friends since you basically bonded on sight.” I squeezed his hand a but before getting up and holding my hand out, so he would, too. 

He shook his head. “I wanna stay here longer. Have fun at Wilburs with Finn.” His voice was now filled with more cheeriness. “Not too much fun though.”

George laughed at his joke and I gently, yet playfully smacked the back of his head, going over to the door once again. “Bye. Finn will be here later, so please don’t make a mess while mopping around.” He turned around with a happy expression when I reminded him of our guest for the day. 

He gave me a small salute as I walked out the door. Down to the lobby, I went from the uncrowded elevator. I made my way out of the building and across the street, over to the near empty cafe to pick up some coffee and hopefully some company.

The bell rung above my head and Finn immediately looked up from fixing the cash register. “Good morning, Charlie. How are you.” He always spoke in a very low and clam voice, unlike the most of my friends.

“Morning. I’m doing mostly fine.” I shot him a smile. 

“Are you sure?” I walked over to the counter as he looked at me strangely. “Your face is gleaming with water which may be tears. Is everything okay?”

“Sorry and yes, everything is okay. I was crying because I missed my brothers old cat.” I wiped at my face, making sure I didn’t look as I had cried. “He was being all sad and mopey on our balcony and caught me off guard.”

He chuckled nervously. “I’m sorry I asked and I’m very sorry for your loss.” 

“It’s completely fine.” We both smiled at the other. “Have you ever been friends with a William, Will or Wilbur?”

“Yes, why might you be asking?” His face had lighten up by the mention of my brother-like friend. He seemed like he would start bouncing off the walls.

“Last name, Gold?” My voice went higher as I spoke.

“Yes. How’d you know?” He started washing a mug though his attention was on my words. 

“CharlieNotLost…Ring a bell?” I started fumbling with my keychains, hoping I wouldn’t have to explain it all to him. 

“George is your brother, right?” He asked. I shook my head almost voilently. “This explains- Dream? Your friend from overseas. Wilbur and I haven’t seen each other in months.” 

“Wanna come see him with me?” 

He was now smiling wide, looking me straight in the eye. I could feel my face heat up, so I looked out the window. “Really? Has he seen your face?” 

“Yeah.” I had a certain urge to look back at him, so I did. “The only deal is, I’m getting my hair colored completely different. This time, I won’t be wearing blue contacts and I’ll have my glasses on.” 

“Please. I really miss Will so much.” He turned the faucet on and took off his apron. 

‘You probably just need an excuse to get out of this place.” He hopped over the counter and sent me a wink, lending me his hand. I took it and guided him to my car.

He went around to open the door. “Oh my, such a gentleman.” Finn rolled his eyes and hopped into his own spot. 

We were on our way to Williams household. My hands were firmly gripped on the steering wheel and it had been a few minutes. The two of us had been sitting in silence. 

“So…Dream? It makes more sense, the whole situation and all.” He leaned on the car window, looking at me. 

“Yeah. I thought you would be all freaked when I told you this.” I laugh nervously since his stare was making me kind of awkwardly flustered. 

“Don’t worry.” He took out his phone and snapped a photo of my face. “I won’t go all fan girl on you.” 

“Thanks? You wanted to have a friendly hangout, right?” I tried grabbing his phone with my free hand, but he pulled it away. 

He threw his phone out the open window to a random stranger who shockingly caught it. Finn proceeded to then shoot me a death glare. “Yeah.” 

“I…We can…Why?” I had no idea what to say. I knew I was a psychopath, but holy crap. I have found the first man mental enough to make me stutter. 

He chuckled at my state of complete and utter shock, pulling something out of his pocket. Finn explained how it wasn’t his phone he threw. “I was about to ask. Like Jesus, what did I get myself into?”

“Into? More like onto.”

“And why would that be?”

“If you’re sitting on someone’s lap, which in this case is mine, riding that shit like a horse in minecraft, I’m pretty sure the right word is onto.” 

I looked at him weirdly as if to make him feel uncomfortable and I could tell it was working. “I’m sorry, that joke was insensitive and I shouldn’t have said-.”

“Chill. I can tell we’re going to get along really well. No one else ever likes my dirty jokes and now, I have someone as careless as I am to tell them with.” 

“Thank gosh, I thought I was about to be thrown out the car.”

“After meeting up with Wilbur, we can go meet George and bake some cupcakes before watching a film or something at his house.” 

“George…” He trailed off as he leaned against the seat, grabbing his real phone and snapping a photograph. I held my middle finger up at the camera, hearing a clicking sound right afterwards. “I’m pretty good friends with him. Will has increasingly forced a friendship upon most people he knows.”

“That makes much more sense. Whenever I say your name when George is near, he starts going all golden retriever. The slightest mention of you and he has all these questions.” I laughed, rubbing my neck with my free hand. “He acts as if he’s going to be meeting his long lost best friend and potentially even boyfriend.”

His face had practically enlightened more and more by the second. “I mean, we became pretty good friends in those few times we met up.” Finn scrolled his fingers across the phone screen. He was looking at some fan art of Dream and George, giving it a quick laugh. “Just good friends though.”

“Explains his attentive attitude towards you. Can I ask you a question?” I took a left turn after the traffic light switched to green. 

“Ask away.” He looked at the streets, seeing some teenagers shredding, doing all kinds of tricks on their skateboards. 

“Why don’t you have an accent?” I asked. He seemed unfazed by the question at first. “Your voice it sounds-.”

“Familiar? Many people think I sound like people they know. I’m not someone you know, I could swear on my life. I won’t though-.”

“I was going to say it’s soothing, nice to listen to. I was just asking.” 

Finn looked my way as I parked in between two black cars. We were a few blocks away from Wills house, but I wanted to walk the rest of the way. His cheeks flushed from the compliment and I stepped out of the car. I laughed seeing the shy, smiley look on his face. 

“Thanks for the compliment. I moved here from America, not too long ago.” He was a tiny bit flustered, but regained his usual composure nonetheless. “You must have a lot of confidence in yourself.”

“Yeah, I guess you could say that. I mostly say what I feel. As long as it isn’t in front of hundreds and thousands of viewers during a livestream. I try to keep myself along the funny guidelines at those times.” 

I started walking away from the car giving him notice to follow. Finn caught up to where I was and brushed his hand against mine, asking to hold it. I squeezed it tightly. “I don’t necessarily express myself as much on camera. No matter who’s there or how safe it would be to do so.”

“Seems like a hassle.” 

I looked at him, being almost at his height level since I had worn tall platform boots, but only to see he had already been looking my way. 

“It’s really no matter. It sounds worse than it actually is. I’m more on the funnier side of things either way.” I laughed and looked down at the streets when I noticed Finns hand. He had his nails painted black and orange, a few rings on his fingers here and there. 

Then I looked at my own hand. Then his again. Our fingers were intertwining, so much that if someone threw a rock at us, we wouldn’t be able to escape from the hurling object.

Finn chuckled. “You are really funny…and so very pretty.” 

My face was practically burning by now. I have never blushed in my entire life, I always thought it was some wattpad fanfiction crap. Although, instead of blushing, my face heats up and I become paler than snow. 

I whipped my head around pretending to be looking at the shops. He must’ve notcied since he giggled. His giggle was really cute. “You know, I didn’t expect your eyes to be green, Charlie.” 

Huh? -

“What do you mean, you didn’t expect them to be green?” He moved his eye as if gesturing to something. “Oh, sorry. I almost completely forgot I was a streamer for a second. Your eyes are much nicer than mine, they look like emeralds except more shiny.” 

You’re being paranoid. -

“Thanks.” He grinned. “Wanna play a game?”

“Sure. What kind of game?” I questioned. He looked past my head into a flower shop and then back at me, giving off a loving smile. 

“I’ll say the name of a random object and you say the first thing that pops into your head.” Finn sounded very happy when he spoke. He always did. Kind of like Dream. 

“That sounds fun.” I said blatantly. I knew there was really only one thing on my mind. Or as one could say, one person. 

“Plane.”

“America.”

“Cartoons.”

“Teletubby.”

“Lemon.”

“Lime.”

“Stars.”

“Dream.”

“Huh?”

“Dream. The stars remind me of him, I guess.” 

“Why is that so?” 

“Even though we’re thousands of miles apart, he still shines his brightness into my life from time to time.”

“Thats so sweet.” A calm, cheery look washed over Finns face.

“I’ve always wanted to tell him that, but every time I want to, my confidence becomes like the titanic. Fucking sinks, never to be seen again.” He laughed as we crossed the street. 

“Where are you getting your hair colored?” He quickly changed the subject, his cheeks set aflame. 

“Its right this way.” I led the tall blonde into the parlor and waved to some of the workers I knew. 

“What color have you chosen?”

“I don’t know, yet. Why don’t you come and help me choose?”

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah. I’m not one for having trust issues with anyone. Well, other than Innit.”

“Okay, if you insist. How does this color look?” 

“Green? Out of all colors?”

“Since you like Dream so much, it would be fitting.”

“Your such an idiot.”

“Hey, you asked for me to help.”

“I thought I could trust you.”

“Is picking green really making you have trust issues with me?”

“Yes. Now go pick a better color or something.”

“As you wish, your highness.”

“Shove off, peasant.” 

A whole week flew by before the three knew it. They saw the beauty of Italy for all its worth and the trio almost got sick of the fresh local cuisine, almost. 

They visited the Boboli Gardens, which even with his color blindness, George found unforgettable. They watched as the flora danced in the wind, a performance displaying the many vibrant hues. The sculpted shrubs were skillfully detailed, leaving them in awe of the craftsmanship. 

They went around looking at the amazing architecture, making sure they saw all the iconic buildings on their bucket list. After Palazzo Vecchio and the Medici Palace, Dream and George got sick of Sapnap falling asleep on his feet and let him stay at Karl’s, where he happily played video games with the college students.




They had come back from a long day of walking around the city to a giddy Sapnap waiting for them.

“They play Minecraft, that’s it, I’m moving here.” Sapnap says, as they open the door. 

Dream huffs tiredly as he throws his sneakers off and walks past him. “You are so lame Sap.” 

“Damn what’s wrong with him?’ Sapnap jokes, looking at George. 

“Our feet hurt, we’ve been walking for ages.” The Brit mentions. “Do they play on any servers?”

“No, well Karl doesn’t. He said he wants to though. I’m not sure about the others.” He says, following the brunette and sitting on the couch next to him.




However, despite Sapnap’s protests they dragged him to see Ponte Vecchio at sunset, Dream remembering Nico’s advice to arrive before 8:30. They strolled along a small commuter bridge, dodging the numerous tourists bustling up and down the paved asphalt. 

“Damn, look!” Sapnap exclaims, pointing to their right. They ran over to the railing and gazed at the three stone arches that rose gracefully from the water. It looked like the whole thing was straight from a fairytale. Dream marvels at the floating rainbow colored buildings that were suspended from the side, the clear water reflecting the image like a mirror. 

He glances over at George who was still staring at the sight, mostly concentrating on the water that flowed in minuscule waves, crashing mesmerizingly against the side of the stone. Dream felt into the back of his shorts and grabbed the colorblind glasses he had stuffed into his pocket, nudging his friend’s shoulder and handing the lenses to him.

“Where did you get these?” George exclaims, eyes widening at the glasses in Dream’s palm. 

“I saw them sitting on your table back in your apartment and decided to grab them. I actually forgot about them until this morning.” The blonde admits. “Put them on.” 

The Brit slips them on, looking back at the arched bridge. He gasps and lifts them up, switching between his normal vision and the enhanced glasses. He looks back noticing the silence to find his friends looking at him with smiles on their faces. “Oh shut up.” He rolls his eyes, shoving them both away from him.

“One day when there’s a way to completely fix your color blindness, we’ll come back here so you can see the real thing.” Sapnap murmurs, again entranced by the architecture that glowed with the slowly waning sun. Dream nods in agreement, placing a hand on his shoulder. The shorter man swallows the lump in his throat and nods, trying to ignore the burning behind his eyes. His friends were the best sometimes. 




It was Friday now, and they were spending a lazy night at Wilbur and Jack’s apartment this time. They really did need to invite their friends to their place. Them living in the penthouse wasn’t a fact they had informed their friends of yet. 

Sapnap and Karl had cooked dinner for the eight of them, making do with the ingredients available, and talking amongst themselves quietly as the rest of the group played the party minigames that came with the Switch. 

“Ok. I’ll see you in a few.” Sapnap smiles at Karl as they leave for the night. As soon as the door closes, Dream and George round on the man, taking in his red-flushed face. 

“Alright, spill.” George demands, smiling at the man’s embarrassed expression. Dream nods, fixing him with an intense stare.

“Ah..can we go away, from here?” Sapnap asks, looking down at his shoes to hide the huge grin on his face. They swiftly walk to the elevator, again staring at him. 

“So?” Dream asks.

“Well…ah Karl asked me to hang out. Grab some gelato or something. Whatever that is, I have to Google it.” Sapnap rambles.

“Get ice cream-” The Brit raises his eyebrows.

“Alone?” Dream interrupts. 

“At 12 in the night?” George finishes.

“As in like a date?” The blonde grills, a smile making its way onto his face.

“Oh that’s what gelato is.” Sapnap realizes. “And um…yes, yes and maybe?” 

They reach the penthouse and Dream shoos Sapnap into his room to get ready. As soon as he hears the door close, George abruptly turns to Dream.

“Date? Sapnap is gay?” George asks.

“Yup. I mean, no. Ah, well he rolls both ways.” Dream explains. His jaw slackens and he slaps his forehead. “I was supposed to let him tell you.”

George looks down, a little conflicted on whether he should feel confused or downcast. “Why didn’t he tell me? When did he tell you?” 

“He told me a few days before our flight to your place. He said he was going to tell you before we left for Italy, but honestly we both forgot.” Dream tells him. 

George nods as Sapnap walks out in…a hoodie and a loose pair of jeans. Dream groans and facepalms a second time in the last few minutes. Even George, who knew nothing of fashion, knew not to wear a hoodie on a first date.

“Sapnap you’re so dumb sometimes.” The Brit laughs, following Dream as the taller man forces the man back into his bedroom. The two men fish through Sapnap’s clothes as he lays on the bed complaining.

“You guys are violating my privacy. And what’s wrong with my outfit? He’s probably going to come in his pj’s.” The man groans.

Dream and George stop shifting through his clothes to glance at each other, both with the same look on their face. What an idiot. They end up throwing a patterned navy blue shirt and some denim jeans at the man, threatening to call off the date themselves if Sapnap doesn’t change in the next five seconds. 

When the man comes out of the bathroom, Dream grins throwing an arm around his best friend’s shoulder. “Nice man.” He comments.

 George nods, agreeing with him. “Much better.” 

Sapnap rolls his eyes. “I’m going to be so overdressed.” The man’s eyes seem to light up in guilt as he realizes a very important fact that he had let George kinda figure out himself. “Oh George, shit I’m so sorry man. I completely forgot to tell you,”

George raises an eyebrow before he realizes what the other man means. “Oh yeah, your bisexual?” Sapnap nods. “It’s fine Sap. You were going to tell me anyway. I’m happy for you.” He says, shooting him a smile. 

The man grins and exhales nervously. “Okay, wish me luck.” 

“Luck.” George says, patting his shoulder. Dream nods and they shove the laughing man into the hallway and out the door. 




Dream stands up approximately two minutes after Sapnap leaves. “Come on Georgie, I’m bored.” He says, grabbing his keys off the countertop.

“What do you plan to do exactly?” George questions, following him to the door.

“If Sapnap’s getting gelato, so are we. And also, remember that surprise I told you about?” Dream asks.

“Oh yeah,” George nods, thinking back. It seemed so long ago. 

“Well it was for all three of us, but we can take Sapnap another time, cus he’s-well, busy.” Dream smirks. George laughs as they step out of the elevator. Feeling a buzz in his pocket, he pulls his phone out to reveal a message from Sapnap.

Sapnap to you and Dream: Guys…you just saved my ass

George snickers and shows Dream his phone screen. They both laugh as the Brit types out a reply.

George: He’s not in pj’s?! Are you serious?! Cant believe it!

Sapnap to you and Dream: Shut up you moron :(

Dream pulls out his phone, typing out a quick message.

Dream: Thank us later, focus on your date first 

Sapnap to you and George:  yea yea cya later

They drop their cellphones back into their pockets and Dream holds up the silver key. “Do you want to try driving?” 

“Translation: you want to lose your limbs.” George clarifies with a straight face.

Dream climbs onto the front. “Guess not then.”

They drive through the artificial yellow glow of the streets, with George relaying the directions from his phone. They arrive at the smallest, most misshapen shop George has ever seen in his life. However, it was stuffed with people devouring the sweet ice cream-like substance, even at this late hour.

“What do you think?” Dream asks, looking at the shop questionably. 

“It looks quaint. I like it.” George nods. 

They enter the store and stand in line, staring at the many flavors lined up in the display case, all looking like rainbows that had solidified into dessert form, gracing the Earth with its presence. 

“You’re telling me we can only pick one flavor?” Dream asks, gaping at the variety. 

“You can get more, but you’re asking for another stomach ache.” George giggles at his friend’s grimace. 

“One it is. Do you know which one you want?” The taller man asks. George nods and they step forward to order. “Fragola per favore.” 

George looks at his friend in surprise before smiling at the lady. “One Stracciatella please.” He asks politely, hoping he didn’t butcher the pronunciation too much. Judging by the comical expression on the lady’s face, he definitely did. 

The woman grabs a scoop and digs it into a bright pink-colored bin, piling the sweet treat into the small cone and handing it the Dream. She then scoops George’s order, a vanilla-looking gelato with chocolate shavings swirled throughout, and hands the slightly melting cone to the Brit. 

“Very good choice.” She nods with a heavy accent, giving them a thumbs up. “Classici sono i migliori.” 

The brunette insists on paying despite the other man’s protests and they sit on the curb, a small ways away from their ride, looking up at the dark sky and licking their cones. The area was at the edge of the city so it was quite peaceful. 

“When did you learn Italian?” George asks.

“I only learned a few basic phrases. Hello, thanks, please, stuff like that.” Dream shrugs. 

“Do you know what she said before we left?” He questions. 

The blonde thinks back. “She said classics are something, I don’t really know.” 

George hums. “I’m guessing yours is strawberry?” He asks. Dream nods.

“That one is actually what’s famous around here. I remember reading about it somewhere.” The taller man informs him, gesturing to the vanilla treat.

George licks around his cone. This stuff was of another league. No ice cream he’s ever had could even come close to comparing. It seems to be like that for all the foods he’s tried here so far. He hears a small chuckle and turns to see a slightly mortified expression on his friend’s face as he observes the brunette attack his cone.

“What? It’s good,” George justifies, licking the chocolate flakes off his lips.

“Yeah I can see that.” Dream snorts, going back to his own cone. 

They both finish their gelato, cones and all, and the taller man quickly stands, offering George a hand. The Brit takes it, hoisting himself up and brushing the dirt off the back of his pants.

“Where are we going in such a hurry?” George asks, as Dream practically pulls him back onto the motorbike, speeding back toward the heart of the city.

“I was promised it’s the best place ever. We’re gonna have to find out.” Dream calls. George holds on tighter as the other man accelerates, weaving through the tourist buses and night-time traffic. 

They park their vehicle on the side of the road and Dream leads him into an abandoned-looking alleyway. However, George looks closer and sees a faint light in the furthest window from them, only a few people crowded around the small shop. 

“I have a really close friend from online school that lived here for most of her childhood. So, I asked her if there was anything cool around here and she told me about this place. Apparently, these commercial bakers make pastries for the restaurants at night but if you know where to go, they’ll sell you fresh stuff for a few bucks.” Dream explains as they walk down the paved road. 

George takes in the scent of fresh pastry and butter, his mouth already watering. “You have the best friends.” He murmurs as they approach the dimly lit area. Dream laughs and shakes his head, holding the door open as the brunette strides in. 

“Laughing but not denying it,” The Brit mocks him. Dream remembers himself saying that exact thing to the Brit on one of their streams and wheezes, holding his chest. 

“You’re such an idiot.” He laughs at his friend’s smirk. He stifles his mirth and orders for them, handing the tired baker the money, adding an extra few notes because why not? In just a few minutes, they’re heading back to the sidewalk, sitting on the small bench next to their ride. 

George fishes out a pastry from the bag, looking at it with wide, hungry eyes. It was a croissant-looking pastry except a bit misshapen and more puffed in the middle. He splits it in half to watch warm milk chocolate ooze out of the buttered center, spilling onto his fingers. “Dream you are my favorite person.” The brunette mumbles, sinking his teeth into half of the flaky pastry. 

The tall man’s eyes twinkle and he plucks the other half out of his friend’s hand, biting into it. “Yeah, I’m the best.” 

George ignores the cheeky statement and rummages around in the packet. He finds two more of the same dessert as well as a few others, including glazed croissants and what Dream explained to be cannolis, something his friend had recommended they try. 

The Brit sighs in content and leans back in his seat, looking up at the sky. As they continued to munch on the delicacies, Dream fills the silence with stories about the architecture they had seen. A fond smile unknowingly takes over his face as George listens to Dream ramble. He always found it amazing how he man could make any subject seem interesting.

If anyone else was giving him an Italian history lesson, he would be asleep on their shoulder by now.

George shakes his head, feeling a bit light-headed. So many things were pumping through his bloodstream, the majority being the enormous amount of sugar he had ingested and the thought of how amazing Dream looked right now. The moonlight cast a soft glow on the Floridian, highlighting his sharp jawline and lighting up his freckled skin. The silver rays made the man’s yellow eyes appear richer than gold, their brilliance putting the expensive mineral to shame. His lips were still stained from the gelato they had consumed previously, dusting them with a glossy sheen. George stands up off the bench suddenly, his eyes widening. What the fuck is wrong with him. 

“George?” Dream asks, cutting himself off and standing up next to him. “What is it?”

The brunette looks at him with an almost spooked expression. “Nothing-sorry I-ah thought of something..I don’t know.” He mutters, his words tapering off. 

Dream rubs the back of his neck, bringing his hand in front of his face to push the hair out of his eyes. “Oh-ok? Let’s go back, it’s really late.” He suggests. 

The Brit just stares at the sidewalk in front of him, only providing his friend the slightest of nods. What just happened. The blonde looks at him with a concerned expression, hovering a hand over the smaller man’s shoulder before retracting it slowly. George finally looks up at him and shoots him a smile, shaking his head. He’s fine. Everything’s fine. 

“Yeah, let’s go. I’m just tired, that’s all.” George assures. 

The other man dips his head in understanding and they walk back to their ride. Dream gets on and the Brit climbs onto the back. As they drive, Dream can’t help but notice how George’s demeanor has completely shifted. He seemed to be trying to sit as far away from him as possible, which was a little disheartening. 

“George, are you ok?” Dream asks, glancing back. The brunette keeps his gaze on the passing establishments and replies with a quiet “yeah” that the other man barely catches over the howl of the wind rushing at them. He decides to stay quiet. If George had something on his mind, he knew the Brit would tell him when he was ready. Right?

As they walk back into their hotel, Dream turns to the Brit again, capturing the cocoa-colored gaze with his own emeralds. “You sure you’re ok?” He asks, his tone soft. 

George focuses on the wall past his friend’s shoulder. “I am, why?”

“You had your I’m-in-deep-thought face on so just making sure.” Dream teases, pressing their button on the panel.

“That’s not an actual thing.” George scoffs. 

“It is trust me. Ask Sap if you have to.” Dream yawns. The other man only shrugs, watching the floor numbers on the top panel count upwards as they reach their apartment. 

They walk into the brightly lit room, shielding their eyes. George flips all the light switches except for the living room lamp. Sapnap wasn’t at the door blabbering about how it went so they assumed he was still out with Karl.

“I’m going to turn in,” George says quietly. “Are you coming?”

Dream shakes his head. “Go get some rest. I’ll wait and make sure he gets back.” 

The brunette nods and turns toward the bedroom. He hesitates for a moment before turning back on the polished hardwood, facing his friend. “Thanks for tonight Dream.” He timidly speaks, sending a small smile his way. 

Dream returns the smile. “Anytime George.”



Nick and Dream had convinced me to do something that I never thought I would. Never once in my life did I think of being famous or streaming, and here I am. The same person, starting her stream in five minutes. George didn’t know what we were up to because usually the three of us never hung out without him.

I closed some extra opened tabs on my monitor before tweeting out that my stream was to start soon. Not even half a minute had passed when I heard George scream my name from the other room, the other two boys laughing at him though the discord call. 

I heard footsteps before my door swung open, making a crashing sound against the wall. “Charlie, is this what the three of you have been up to?” He paced around my room, still typing something on his phone. “I’m sending out a post to Twitter.”

“Georgie, I posted. More than half of your fans follow me on there.” I tried reassuring him that I didn’t need his help to gather viewers on stream. 

“Shut up and let me tweet.” 

I received a notification from my phone. Thousands of people immediately flooded into the stream when it started since Dream had also posted. 

“Go back to your room, we’re live now.” I said, him responding by standing his ground while staring at his phone, completely zoned out. 

I glared at him, knowing he wouldn’t notice, rolling my eyes and diverting my focus to the monitor. “Hello and welcome to the stream!” 

Dream: “Hi, everyone!”

“Today, I coded it so that I’m being harassed to stream. Dream and SapNap are more annoying than ever. Will I be able to withstand the forces of there annoyance and beat the game?”

SapNap: “Shut up, you love us.”

“Sure.”

Dream: “Bad says he’ll be here in another minute.”

“Speaking of that, we’ll be playing manhunt with me being on Dreams team and the others trying to hunt us down.”

SapNap: “Karl will also be joining soon, right?”

“Yeah and George will be playing, but that’s only if he ever leaves my room.” I tilted my head, George looking at my before sticking his tongue out and walking away. 

We started the manhunt quickly after Karl and Bad joined the game. The four stood around me and Dream, us facing eachother. His green Minecraft skin punched Karl’s as we both made a run for it, splitting away quickly. 

Dream distracted everyone and I ran to start gathering materials, the only person on my tail being my brother. George was the only one who know how good at the game I was thought it probably wasn’t smart to go for me.

“Mate, would you back off?” 

George: “Why should I?”

“I’ll kill you otherwise.”

Bad: “I’m so low, help me!”

<BadBoyHalo was slain by Dream>

Dream: “Haha, yes!”

SapNap: “What the hell! Dream, stop.”

I laughed as the two argued over who was going to kill the other first, Dream winning the battle. I snorted as Nick cussed him out, Bad trying his best to stop him. 

George: “Charlie, I didn’t know you snorted.”

“Shut the fuck up.”

Bad: “Language.”

“Uno reverse card.” 

Bad: “No, you can’t do that-!”

“I can do whatever I want, bitch-!”

Bad: “Language! Don’t say that you, muffinhead-!”

“What are you calling me, a dickhead-!”

Bad: “Charlie, language! I already said I wasn’t calling you-!”

“Sure, I definitely believe you! Now if you’ll excuse me you a-!”

Bad: “If you finish that sentence-!”

“I’ll finish that sentence if I want to finsih it, asshole!”

Bad: “Language! Charlie, please stop swearing!”

“No, your an asshole and-!”

Dream: “Charlie, calm down. You can’t yell at bad.”

“No, but I can. Bad, you…I’ve got nothing.”

SapNap: “You smell like muffins!”

Bad: “Oh…I like that.”

-

I hit George with my stone sword and he finally backed away. I started gathering some wood, him watching me closely. Then he attacked, but I was quick to run away, eating a loaf of bread as I went. Once he was off my tracks, I made my way to the direction I saw a mineshaft and ravine, sending Dream the cordinates. 

-

Bad: “Guys, we should stop trying to find them for now. We need to find more iron.”

“What are you running low on red blood cells?” I muttered the joke into my microphone, so only anyone watching my stream could hear what I said, but Dream had started laughing making me think he heard. 

Dream: “Oh my gosh, your such an idiot.” 

Karl: “What happened?”

Dream: “Bad said that you guys need to focus on getting more iron, right?” 

SapNap: “No, he told us that we need to pop a perky just to start up.” 

Dream: “Sap, be quiet. Charlie said, are you running low on red blood cells or something?” 

I heard a few laughs ringing through my headphones. “Seriously though, what are you doing that’s making you lose red cells?”

Karl: “Yeah, Bad.” 

George: “He’s been feeding his blood to Rat.”

Dream: “Imagine the news headline being man bleeds out with his red faced dog staring at him.”

“Breaking news, BadBoyHalo has a knife kink.”

Dream laughed wholeheartedly at this. Karl and Nick started giggling and I could practically hear George staring at his camera, a small smile plastered to his face. 

-

I was trying to pick up my phone from the floor while saying something to the boys which might have been a bad idea. “Bad.” I accidentally groaned a little while sitting up in my chair. 

Karl: “What was that?”

SapNap: “BaAd.”

I chuckled under my breath at the boys actions. “BaAad.” 

Karl: “BaAaad.”

SapNap: “BaAaAd.”

The three of us were laughing our asses off, but we had to stop since George had found where our hideout was and started hitting Dream. 

-

Dream: “Come here, George!”

“George…you should stop right there.”

My voice went deep and scarier than usual. We scored up on George, him running away and screeching like the pterodactyl that he is. I mean, if I am correct from scientific research, he’s a gay dinosaur. 

“George…quiet down. Scream less, it makes it’ll lessen the pain for you.”

Karl: “Yikes. So your voice goes deep, deep.”

SapNap: “Keep going deeper and soon you could be Corpse.”

“Choke me like you hate me, but you love me.”

-

George: “Come on, Dream. We’re waiting for you in here. You’re going to have to come sooner or later.”

SapNap: “Give it up. Both of you are basically already dead.”

Karl: “There’s no possible way for you guys to win.”

Dream: “There is one trillion ways to win, but only one can work.”

“Whether thats true or not, I still think my backup plan is pretty great.”

Dream: “That’s why it’s a backup plan because my plan is better than yours.”

“Thinking of it first doesn’t make it better.”

Bad: “Stop arguing and come through the portal already.”

SapNap: “We don’t have all day.”

Dream: “Ready, Charlie?”

Dreams lime green skin inched closer to the end portal, the flint in his hands, ready to ignite a large explosion. I moved mine, so it was to the left of his. “Initiate plan sixty nine.” He light the explosives, sending them through the portal. I was smiling through the sound of chaos as we entered the end. 

<SapNap was blown up>

<KarlJacobs was blown up>

<GeorgeNotFound was blown up>

<BadBoyHalo was blown up>

Dream was screaming out of pure joy that his plan had actually worked. It must’ve felt great knowing he didn’t spend the last hour working to secure his win for nothing. We both started shouting arrows left and right, missing a few targets. Soon the ender dragon perched. 

I instantly attacked with my axe as Dream tried fighting off SapNap who had reenetered the end with barely any items. I placed down a bed, exploding the last of the dragons health. 

Dream: “Yes! You guys had to kill one of us and the game was over.”

“You went for Dream. You do understand that I’m a way better player than he is.” 

Bad: “How were we supposed to know that?”

“Even if you didn’t, it doesn’t make sense to go for Dream if you think he’s better.”

George: “Charlie must be hacking or something.”

Dream: “Is a certain british boy angry?”

“Hey, I’m british as well, don’t forget that.”

Dream: “Yeah, but he’s a boy.”

“Idiots. Chat you can start sending in donations whenever you’d like now. I think I’ll log on to the smp and chill for a little while, does that sound okay?”

Dream: “Yeah, anything you want.”

“Just to put a smile on it.”

George: “What?”

“Sorry, force of habit.”

Bad: “Bye guys, I’ll talk to you later since I have to go make food for myself.”

SapNap: “Bye, Bad.”

Dream: “Goodnight.”

“Bye, love you.”

Bad: “Love you, too.”

George: “Bye.”

-

“Oh, thank you for the donation. Why did you wear a Dream mask when you came into Georges stream over a week ago? I wore it since George gave it to me one time when he was ranting about how much he loves Dream.”

George: “Shut up. I never did such a thing. You probably stole it from me, so you could wear it.” 

“Why…? Nevermind, what is everyone wearing right now?”

Dream: “I’m just chilling, wearing a white shirt and some sweatpants.”

Nick: “Gray…sweatpants?”

Dream: “Yeah, they have a little Florida alligators logo on them.”

I had a separate tab playing Georges stream, so I decided to check on what he was doing and surely he was smiling wide like an idiot. “Dream, do you not realize?”

Dream: “Realize, what?”

“Gray sweatpants.”

Dream: “I don’t…Charlie, you are so dirty minded.”

“Me? Nicks the one that asked. Moving on, I’m logging on to the smp now.”

Dream: “What are you going to do on there?”

“Talk and make a theatre while I answer some of chats questions. Speaking of that, thank your for the donation. This is a question for George. They’re asking his much you know about girls since you live with me.”

George: “Not much actually. Charlie isn’t a girl, she’s my sister. I guess I’ll have to learn from my future girlfriend.”

“Last time I recall, Dream isn’t a girl.”

Nick: “Maybe you could convince him to become transgender for you.”

George: “Stop.”

Dream: “Do you need any help with the game show stage and stuff?”

“No thanks, sir simps a lot.”

Dream: “Hey, I am not a si-.”

“Shush. Raven says, Charlie could you rate everyone of the boys on the server based off their personalities.”

Nick: “You get to rate us?”

“They gave me money to do so, it’s not my fault. Thanks for the donation, I’ll do the rating after I make atleast one wall.”

Dream: “Charlie, I’ll be right back. There’s a package at the door.”

“That’s all right. Be careful, your sister might walk into the stream.”

Dream: “She isn’t as dumb as you are.”

“Go away, dickhead.”

-

“Now that I’ve finished a few walls, I’ll start the rating. I might not remember all the members on here, so sorry if I miss anyone.”

Carefully moving from my desk to my drawers, I grabbed a scroll and noted a list of everyone I could remember. “Dream, George, SapNap, Bad, Skeppy, Quackity, Karl, Wilbur, Tommy, Tubbo…Who else? Techno, Ranboo…Mela, thank you for the, I would choose Karl because Nick is annoying…I would name my village Arsine…Sure, let’s go with whatever that name is. Is that all of them? That’s all the people I met…Oh, I almost forgot Corspe.”

I rechecked everything over again and made sure I wasn’t missing anyone that I had already met. Dream came back from opening the package and pouring a food bowl for Patches. 

“I’ll start the ratings in a second…Instead of rating them could I just nickname them?”

Dream: “Is that fair to the person who donated?”

“I’ll ask them. Everyone stop typing in chat for a few seconds. Raven is that fair?”

Dream: “I don’t thank thats going to work.”

“Shush it. She says yes. Okay then, I’ll start. Why not go backwards?”

Dream: “That would make me last.”

“Not everythings about you, Dream. Ranboo…my beloved?” I chuckled after reading the chat spamming different names for him. “Ranboob? What?”

Dream: “Someone said…wait, no that’s inappropriate, I can’t say that on stream.” 

“Techno. Blood for the blood god!” I screamed into my microphone, trying my best to impersonate Technos voice. “I bet chat liked that.”

Dream: “You have provided them another clip, well done.” 

“Anyways…Tubbo, he’s bee boy, nothing else. Tommy…yes, the devil child. I like to call him my little brother because why not.”

Dream: “Aw, that’s so cute.”

George: “Charlie’s gone all soft for him then.”

I rolled my eyes. “Wilbur is my older brother and I almost forgot Phil, he’s crow father.”

George: “What?”

“You wouldn’t understand, George. Karl…I don’t have a nickname for him, but I like to call him Karlos. Quackity is Big Q and Sap is SassNap.” I went over the list, crossing off names of who I had already said. 

Dream: “You do know you’re missing more than half the server.”

“Well, sorry if I haven’t met more than half the server. George is Gogy and Bad is the muffin man. Skeppy is the troll who lives under Bads house. Dream is a little pissbaby and Corpse…I don’t know what to say for him, honestly.”

George: “Mister choke me like you hate me, but you love me.”

“Cameron says, could you say you love Dream on stream? Sure thing, man. Thanks so much for the ten.”

SapNap: “Say it to me, too.”

“Okay. I love you, Dream. Love you, SapNap.”

Dream: “Love you, too.”

“See it’s not that hard, George is just afraid he’ll catch feelings for Dream.”

Tommy: “Nah, he’s just a pussy.”

Dream: “Hwo long have you been here?”

Tommy: “Long enough.” 

“Shoo, child. I have to get the theatre I’m making for the game show ready.” 

Dream: “Should I invite everyone, when you’re done? I mean, I have to go plan some stuff with Wilbur soon.” 

“Nah, leave me here to be…all alone.” 

Dream: “Whatever, I’m leaving.”

“Love you, bye.” I said, Tommy following up with gagging noises. 

Tommy: “Disgusting.”

“Be quiet. It’s not like you don’t say you love, Tubbo and Wilbur-.”

The discord call made a ding noise, notifying me that Tommy had left the call. Dream laughed before greeting me and leaving the call as well. 

-

“Uh, thank you for the donation. I love all you guys so much, you guys make me scream without the s- what? Thank you, love you more.” 

SapNap: “Charlie, do you have a subgoal?”

“No. I was planning on making one, but I forgot.”

Karl: “How about you have to go visit your closest friend on the server if you hit your subgoal?”

“I’d be okay with that, but whne you find out who my closest friend is, you’ll be wildly amazed.”

SapNap: “Who is it?”

“You’ll have to wait and find out when I hit the subgoal.”

Karl: “Guys, we need to sub right now. I’ll sub if I have to.”

“Wait, what? You wanna know that bad?”

Karl: “Yeah, clearly.”

SapNap: “We need to know if it’s a potential love interest.”

“I don’t think Corspe is a potential love interest for-.”

Karl: “Corpse!?”

“Shoot…I’m making the subgoal higher now.”

Karl: “Corpse?”

SapNap: “Are you serious?”

“Yeah, he’s really fun in real life, no matter the depth of the mans voice. It’s like you hear him and you think murderer and then you get to know him and realize that he’s really sweet and funny.”

SapNap: “What’s the subgoal now?”

“Sixty nine thousand, four hundred twenty.”

-

“Ace, thank you for the fifteen pounds. What are all of our kinks- how am I supposed to answer this?”

SapNap: “Your chat is weird.” 

“Didn’t someone ask you to speak in Greek because it was attractive?”

SapNap: “It is though.”

“Oh, really? Τι θα κάνατε αν ήρθα να σας επισκεφτώ στις πολιτείες?” 

SapNap: “You’re joking with me, right?”

“Yeah, I am. Okay, back to the kinks…that sounds so bad.”

SapNap: “Chat report her.”

“Atleast let me answer the kinks question.”

SapNap: “You have one?”

“No, I wanna know whether any of you guys have any.”

SapNap: “Dream probably has a mommy kink.”

“Chat, don’t listen to him.”

SapNap: “But what if-.”

“You know what maybe this was a bad idea.”

SapNap: “Do you have a kink?”

“Moving on-.” 

“How am I meant to know how much I’m supposed to pack? I don’t know how long we’re going to stay.” The brunette grunts as he tries to close his carry-on case. With how hard he was pulling it, there was no way the zipper wasn’t close to breaking off.

He had tried to do some dumb folding technique to compactly fit the absurd amount of clothes he needed with a tutorial from some channel called 5 Minute Crafts but found out quickly that the channel was a bunch of bullshit. He ended up unceremoniously stuffing everything into it, hence this struggle.

He finally gives up and sits on the suitcase, using his body weight to help close it while he pulls the zipper around. He looks over at the computer screen, scoffing at Sapnap’s flushed face and the sound of cackling filling the room. “What?” He asks scowling.

“You-look..ridiculous,” Sapnap laughs. He waves Dream over and points at the screen with a giggle.

“Aw I just missed it. George, what did you do?”  The Floridian asks just outside the camera’s view. Dream and Sapnap had agreed that they would all have a theatrical reunion in the airport, and George would see Dream’s face for the first time in person.

Drama queens.

“What? Sit on my suitcase?” Sapnap nods earnestly, still laughing at Dream’s disappointment. The one thing Sapnap knew Dream loved is watching George embarrass himself. The Brit hops off his bed and rolls his eyes at them. 

“Saaap, you have the worst reaction time. This is why you suck at manhunts.” Dream complains.

“First, at least I’m better than Gogy. Second, so sorry Dream I’ll leave, just try to keep it at least PG 13 until we meet up please.” Sapnap teases, standing up.

“SAPNAP,” Dream yells into the mic, shoving Sapnap over on the other side of the call. “Honestly it wasn’t the worst you’ve said.” 

“Well, I’ll have an eleven-hour freaking plane ride to think of new ones.” Sapnap points out. 

“You’re such an idiot. Both of you.” George mutters, his cheeks reddened, him looking away from the camera and around his room for anything he might have missed. Not that it would matter. There’s no way he’s opening this stupid thing again until he reaches Italy. Anything else would be shoved into his backpack.

George pushes the suitcase out the door and into the hallway, sitting back on his bed. He looks around his cluttered room and down at his bed covered in clothes. He’s going to have to clean this before his friends get here.

“I still don’t know why you’re packing already. We’re only leaving a few days after me and Sap get there. You have plenty of time.” Dream points out.

“Well you guys are packing, so I might as well. And I know you won’t leave me alone when you get here.” George smiles slightly at the thought. He begins the process of cleaning his room, picking up his dirty socks off the floor, and throwing them into the laundry hamper.

“Aw come on, you love us.” Sapnap coos, a playful grin displayed upon his face. George scoffs loudly, rolling his eyes. He turns away to hide his fond expression, fiddling with his jacket zipper.“Ok George we’re going to go get some breakfast. We have to leave in like, less than an hour.” He tells the brunette.

“Ok. When is the flight again?”

“Eight AM. The airport’s not too far so we’re going to leave at 6:30.” Dream answers. It’s not like Sapnap knew, nor cared to pay attention to useless information like their flight details.

“Ok so you guys are going to get here by 10 PM so I’m going to have to leave at 8 to get to London by then.” George says mostly to himself, flicking the fragment of keratin he had chewed off of his nails.

“Yup sure, that sounds right. See you soon George.” Sapnap grins.

“Bye George!” Dream’s boisterous yell sounds from across Sapnap’s room. Sapnap turns his head to look at the other man and shakes his head.

“Bye guys. See you soon.” George chuckles, shutting off the call. He bounces in his chair giddily. After all this time, five something years, he’s finally going to see his friends in person. The trouble was going to be waiting for the time to arrive. He glances at the clock that already seemed to be moving at a snail’s pace. Perfect.




George wakes up to his blaring alarm, immediately feeling excitement blossom in the pit of his stomach. He had decided to get some sleep considering he had a three-hour round trip drive ahead of him. He was glad because he didn’t think anything other than sleep would cure his boredom until evening came.

The daylight that had peaked through his bedroom blinds in the afternoon had now developed into the soft glow of dusk. He untangles himself out of his cotton sheets and pulls his shirt down where it had pulled up, exposing his chilled skin.

George yawns and rubs the sleep out of his eyes with the back of his index knuckles. Grabbing his phone, he sees that it was shortly after 7:00 PM. He throws his head back onto the pillow, looking up at his ceiling fan. In a few hours, he was going to see his friends. He’s going to see Dream in person for the first time and hug Sapnap, and do all the normal things best friends were supposed to be able to do.

His stomach churns with nervousness at the thought.

It’s not every day you meet your best friends for the first time after all. Then again, best friends weren’t usually thousands of miles away from each other. He hopes he can keep his chill, but George seriously doubts they’ll leave the airport without a few tears shed.

He finally gets up and grabs his glasses off the nightstand, sliding them on his face as he stands up and stretches his muscles. He walks to the bathroom and brushes his teeth, cleaning himself up for the long night ahead.

After shaving, George places his glasses back on his table and puts his contacts in. What the hell is he supposed to wear? Pondering over this, George checks his phone while cleaning his room and making his bed. He’s surprised to see a direct message from Sapnap on Discord. He had probably sent it before their flight took off. George opens it and snorts. Well, that solves his issue.

Sapnap: Wear the Dream hoodie! See ya soon ;)

George shuffles into his closet and grabs the oversized black hoodie, pulling a pair of light denim jeans on. He pulls his shirt off and slides the hoodie over his head and shoulders, basking in the warmth and comfort it brought. George would never admit it to Dream, the man’s ego was big enough, but the soft hoodie was one of his favorite articles of clothing.

He walks over to his dresser and considers styling his hair how he usually does for streams, but eventually decides against it. Instead, he sweeps his fingers through it at an angle with some soft hold product, giving it a natural look, similar to the time Dream made him do on his cooking stream a few months ago.

After a quick spray of cologne and a last-minute decision to wrap a watch around his wrist, he takes his phone off his charger and checks the time once again. 7:12, he’s got plenty of time.

George closes his door and walks through his apartment into his pantry, looking around in the recently stocked room. He had gone out to the grocery store yesterday to buy enough food for three people, hoping either Dream or Sapnap could cook, because he sure couldn’t. If neither of them could, they’re living off of take-out for the next two days.

He grabs a granola bar from the overflowing basket on his left and walks back out, turning off the light behind him. He munches on it thoughtfully, trying to keep his excitement at bay.

Leaning on the countertop, George scrolls through Twitter, reading through the replies of his latest tweet explaining how he, Sapnap, and Dream were going to take a break from streaming live for a few weeks. They all had filmed and edited a video each beforehand that they planned to release on their channels to keep their fans entertained.

Of course there were speculations of them meeting up but he and Dream had trolled their fans so much that they never believed anything they saw nor heard anymore. To George, it was both hilarious and a blessing.


George clicks out and falls down the rabbit hole of scrolling through Dream’s past tweets, laughing at the replies on the man’s idiotic memes and pictures. He finally glances at the top of his screen to realize it was already a bit past 8.

“Oh shoot!” He exclaims, shoving the rest of his granola bar laying forgotten on the counter in his mouth. He grabs his keys, as well as his backpack, and swiftly jogs out his front door, locking it behind him.

Racing down the stairs, he runs out the double doors and jumps in his car, starting up the engine. He had wanted to start at least fifteen minutes early as he didn’t know how much traffic was going to be on the road, but he had to get distracted.

George gets off the main road and onto the highway, pushing the limit as he glances at his phone once in a while, making sure he was going the right way. He drummed his sweaty fingers on top of the wheel, biting his bottom lip anxiously. Two hours, just two more hours.

In what feels like no time, he turns into the airport parking garage, making sure to pick a spot near the elevator. He makes a mental note of the level number and steps into the spacious elevator, ascending to the top floor.

George pulls out his phone and opens the picture of the plane ticket Dream had sent him. Flight terminal B4. He checks the screens in front of one of the terminals and sighs in relief as he sees the flight has not yet arrived.

He walks past the A terminals, fiddling with the silver band of his watch. This was really happening. George arrives at the terminal, standing far enough away that he could see the entrance of the gateway without having to be in the seating area.

George shifts the backpack on his shoulders, trying to release the tension in his muscles. His heart skips a beat as he sees a plane slowly roll in and attach to the extended jet bridge. A buzz in his pocket distracts his gaze. He pulls out his cell and sees a text in their group chat as well as another private message from Sapnap.

Dream to you and Sapnap: We’re here!!!

George smiles at the confirmation and quickly types out a reply. He then opens Sapnap’s text.

Sapnap: Dream is freaking out and it’s hilarious XD are you wearing the hoodie?

George: Of course he should be, I’m terrifying. And you’ll have to see

Sapnap: So you did! See you in a few




George watches in anticipation as slowly but surely, people start streaming out of the gateway. His mocha eyes bounce everywhere and he runs his hand through his hair multiple times, trying to regulate his breathing the best he could. No matter what he tries to do however, he still feels that nervous pit deep in his stomach that he couldn’t get rid of.

His eyes land on Sapnap first, his friend’s sleep-deprived face lighting up as soon as he sees George. He shouts out and nudges the man next to him, causing the strawberry-blonde haired male to look his way.

His eyes meet George’s, as his lips curl into a radiant grin. At that moment, all George’s nerves wither away, watching Dream run towards him. He drops his backpack off his shoulder and is briskly engulfed into his best friend’s arms. The taller man laughs and snakes his biceps around the brunette’s waist, lifting him up off his feet slightly. George squeezes his eyes shut in happiness and hugs him back, just tall enough to hook his chin on Dream’s shoulder.

He’s here. He’s actually here. They both are. George feels a tear escape his eye, and a happy sob slips from his throat.

“Don’t cry you idiot.” Dream laughs, wiping his own away behind George’s back.

“Hypocrite.” George grins, giving him one more squeeze before letting go. He then promptly jumps on Sapnap, who was recording them with a sappy smile, ruining the video footage.

“Hey man.” Sapnap sniffs, smiling into the Brit’s shoulder. He was audibly emotional now, burying his face into Sapnap’s shirt in an attempt to stop his eyes from watering any further.

George peeks out over Sapnap’s shoulder to see Dream holding Sapnap’s phone, recording where Sapnap left off. He rolls his eyes and slaps the camera away, grabbing the taller man’s arm and pulling him into the embrace. Dream laughs softly and joins the hug, almost fully wrapping them both in his arms.

They all reluctantly let go, smiling amongst themselves. “We should go. If anyone recognizes me or George we’re all screwed.” Sapnap says, pulling his hood up and grabbing the handle of his suitcase. George and Dream nod in agreement and they all walk away from the terminal. George takes the lead and they stroll down the arrival hall, taking the escalator down to the baggage claim.

“Hey I have to use the bathroom real quick,” Sapnap starts. 

George nods and takes his carry-on from him. “Yeah go ahead. We’ll watch out for the bags.” He replies. 

The other man walks over to the bathroom swiftly and George looks back at Dream, catching him staring. “What?” George snorts. He hasn’t seemed to stop laughing since they got here. He hopes this consuming euphoria will never go away.

“Nothing. Just can’t believe I’m here. That we’re all here, like, together. Nice hoodie by the way.” Dream flashes a captivating smile.

He grins back and pulls up his sweater paws. “It was Sapnap’s idea.” He tells him.

“Of course it was.” Dream says, shaking his head. “Oh that’s his bag.” The taller man strides forward and grabs the large suitcase, pulling it up and off the conveyor belt. He walks back toward George and locks the wheels of the case, leaning on it exhaustedly.

The brunette takes the moment to gaze at Dream’s outfit. He’s wearing a loose-fitting white shirt underneath a dark green flannel. He paired it with tight ripped black jeans and his hands were accompanied by black fingerless leather gloves, hugging his hands in the perfect way.

Woah, George was taken aback as he noticed piercings in Dream’s ears. He had three piercings on each, a simple black bead in his earlobe and two glistening silver rings through the top of his outer ear. Dream didn’t strike him as a personality who would have piercings, but they looked pretty good on him.

George notices Sapnap exiting the bathroom, walking towards them. “Hey Dream, isn’t that one yours?” He asks, pointing at the army green case coming towards them.

“Yup that’s mine.” Dream confirms, walking over and grabbing it. George grabs their two carry-on cases in each of his hands, and they all walk towards the elevator. His friends looked drained and he wanted to get to the car as soon as possible so they could get some sleep.

“Did you sleep on the flight?” George asks, pressing the second floor of the garage on the panel, and watching as it lit up a neon blue.

Sapnap shrugs. “I did for a few hours. Dream just complained about how long the flight was taking the entire way.” He wasn’t going to mention how his friend was practically having an anxiety attack over this meetup about an hour before.

George nods looking at the bags under Dream’s eyes. “You’re such an idiot. You stayed up the whole time on that long of a flight?”

“Yeah well, what if the plane crashed huh? Someone would have to save Sap’s snoring ass.” Dream defends.

They all look at each other for a second before bursting into severely sleep-deprived laughter, in Dream’s case, wheezes. George leads them through the parking garage and stops at his car, taking out his keys and opening the trunk.

After throwing the four suitcases into the back, he opens his car door and sits down at the wheel for the hour and a half drive back home. Dream calls shotgun, making Sapnap take the back reluctantly.


George pulls out of the airport parking lot and back onto the highway. He looks into his rearview mirror to see Sapnap passed out already, sprawled out over the seat cushions. Dream however, just leans his head on the window, blinking tiredly at the overhead street lights whizzing past.

“Hey, get some sleep.” George tells him, keeping his eyes on the road. He knocks back the rest of his first cold coffee, opening a second.

“Mmm can’t. Not tired.” Dream says, glancing over at him. George raises his eyebrow but stays silent. Instead, he opens Spotify and connects his phone to his car speakers. He clicks on his nighttime playlist, leaving it on at a low volume.

Less than five minutes later, Dream is out like a light, his exhales visible on the glass of the cold window. The Brit smirks in triumph and looks back at the road. He finds himself glancing back at them every once in a while. Reality had still not set in.




George zones out as he drives past countless illuminated billboards, only brought back to reality by a beeping sound, alerting him that his car was low on gas. He takes an exit and pulls into a gas station shortly after.

Stepping out of the car, he stretches his limbs and turns to the gas meter. He grips the pump and sticks it in the gas tank, leaning against the side of his car in exhaustion. For Dream and Sapnap’s sake, he’s glad his car has tinted windows, as the fluorescent lights above were currently burning his retinas.

He peeks into the back window and frowns. Sapnap’s position didn’t look the most comfortable. His legs were curled up nicely on the cushioned seats, but his neck was bent awkwardly on the cold leather of the side of the car. George walks over to the back of the car and opens the trunk. He reaches over the large suitcases and grabs both of the pillows he had thrown into it at the last minute.

He walks back around the car and opens the car door slowly. “Sap. Sapnap.” He says, tapping his shoulder.

“Hm. What?” Sapnap says, lifting his head and blinking the sleep out of his eyes groggily. George puts the cotton pillow underneath his neck, causing Sapnap to shift.

“We have forty more minutes left. Don’t break your neck before we go on vacation idiot.” George tells him, trying to keep his voice down. Sapnap nods and wraps his arms around the soft pillow, murmuring a thanks before falling back asleep. He closes the door and walks back to the driver’s side climbing into the seat.

He considered calling Dream’s name but he had a feeling the man wouldn’t go back to sleep if he was woken up. George reaches over and shifts the sleeping male over, sliding the pillow between the car window and his collar bone. After making sure his neck is supported, George steps out of the car and takes the pump out of his tank.

The short male drives out and around the station, getting back on the highway. He throws back the rest of his coffee and blinks repeatedly, trying to clear his hazy mind. He didn’t want to wake them up after only an hour of rest, but he can’t just let them sleep in the car. Their bodies were already messed up due to the eleven-hour flight, and he didn’t want them to be any more sore for the next few days than they already would be. Dream and Sapnap were sure to be unbearable on their own, he didn’t need to deal with anything worse.



Half an hour later, as George pulled into the front of his apartment complex, this proved to be a difficult thing to do. He decided to bring their suitcases up first, before he tackled the bigger issue.

With a bit of difficulty, George takes all four suitcases up in one trip thanks to the elevator that was installed just recently in the building. He turns on the dim lamp in his living room, the warm glow brightening the area just enough to make out an outline of the interior.

He opts to jog down the stairs instead of taking the elevator and leans on his hands on the driver’s seat calling Dream’s name. Nope, not a twitch. George reaches up and turns on one of the overhead lights, watching as Dream moved his face into the pillow in annoyance.

“Dream. We’re here.” George says again, shaking his shoulder. He watches as the other man’s eyes flutter open, his face scrunched up in confusion. He groans in realization and buries his chin back into the warm cushion in annoyance. The blonde eventually opens the car door, stepping out into the cold midnight breeze.

George takes that time to open Sapnap’s door, calling his name and shaking his shoulder as well. Unfortunately, it does nothing and Sapnap turns away from him, mumbling an irritated ‘go away’. Dream walks to his side and chuckles.

“He’s always a spawn from hell when he wakes up,” He says, his pipes sounding rugged and thick. Dream clears his throat, trying to rid the rasp from his voice. “Sapnap, come on man. We’re here.” He calls, flicking his ear.

Sapnap’s eyes shoot open and he glares at the tall man, rubbing the side of his face. “Dick.” He mutters.

“Come on.” George tells him, holding out a hand, trying not to laugh. Sapnap takes it and George hoists him up, grabbing the pillow off the seat and handing it to him.

“Did you already take the bags up?” Dream asks, leaning over to look in the trunk.

“I did. Let’s go.” George nods, walking back towards the building. They take the elevator up to his floor and George unlocks the door again, revealing the recently cleaned apartment.

He looks back to see Sapnap practically asleep on his feet, and Dream, although better at hiding it, didn’t look much better. “Let’s go get some sleep. We can talk in the morning.” 




Sapnap and Dream follow him as George leads them to his bedroom. As soon as the Brit points to his bed and pulls back the covers, Sapnap crashes onto the left side. Dream leans the pillow in his arms on the foot of the bed and lets out a yawn, causing George to repeat the action.

“Here, get in.” George says, pulling the blanket out from underneath Sapnap. Dream sits on the bed and is about to go under the covers when he realizes there wasn’t enough room for all three of them.

“Where are you sleeping?” Dream asks quietly.

“I have another bed, I’ll crash there.” George reassures him.

“Ok. Goodnight George.” Dream says, before dropping his head onto the mattress.

“Goodnight Dream.” George whispers. He makes his way to the bathroom and closes the door, making sure the light doesn’t escape into the bedroom. He brushes the caffeine off his teeth and washes his hands, before shutting the lights and walking back into the bedroom.

His “other bed” was an air mattress that he had to fish out of his storage the other day. He didn’t mind though. He quite liked the feeling of the cool plastic against his skin.

George didn’t bother with sheets, instead, he grabbed at the pillow resting at the foot of the bed in the dark and wrapped his arms around the cotton exterior, taking in the strangely nice scent coming off of it.

Such a nice scent.


This was it: the exact thing George wanted…feared…hoped for? He wasn’t nearly drunk enough for this. His inhibitions were crushing him. Was George really going to let freakshow Dream punish him? What did that mean? What did Dream’s punishment entail? George didn’t even dare to ask; He could hardly even speak.

“You don’t know that,” George whispered. “You don’t know anything about me…maybe I just like being a bitch to you. Maybe I…”

Dream’s touch turned into a grip. He held George’s chin, and tipped his face up slightly. “I know enough, Gogy. I know you’re so careful with how everyone perceives you. I know you don’t like to let that better-than-thou mask slip for even a second. I know you’ll keep it up even if it means denying yourself something you want, if that something happens to not fit the cool social conventions of the in-crowd.”

George gulped, viciously biting down on the inside of his cheek. The fact that Dream was right made not snapping back some derogatory remark even harder. Anger and haughtiness were George’s shields. Without them, his defenses were thin, at best.

“So, Gogy, for your own sake, I have to rip away that mask of yours. The best way to do that…” Dream leaned even closer, turning George’s head slightly to the side so he could whisper in his ear. “Is to punish you until your silly pride doesn’t matter anymore. The best way…is to make you cry.”

George folded his arms, the only way he could think of to stop them from shaking. He realized his lower lip was pouting, and when he spoke, his voice came out as a whining, weak protest. “I don’t need to be punished. That’s stupid.”

“It’s exactly what you need, Gogy. What’s even better is that as much as you’re dreading it right now, you’re still going to follow me.” He released George’s chin, chuckling. “You’re going to follow and accept your punishment like a good boy, aren’t you?”

He didn’t give George the opportunity to respond. Instead he turned his back, and wandered his way down the hall. George stood there, frozen in his hesitation, torn between the urge to run and the urge to follow.
Dream was right. Following won out.
The entertainment room occupied a large portion of the front corner of the house, but tonight the lights were off and the door was barely ajar. There was a massive TV on the wall, playing some classic 80’s horror film. A girl with long blonde hair fled from a masked killer through a suburban neighborhood, shrieking uselessly. Blacklights flashed in the corners, and there was at least one jack-o-lantern on every available surface, including lining the pool table and the shelf above the long, sectional couch. The room was isolated, dark, and currently vacant. It would probably be overtaken later by couples looking for privacy and sleepy drunks seeking a place to curl up. But for now, they had the room to themselves, and Dream shut the door behind them.
The girl on screen went down in a spray of blood. The killer’s knife glinted, dripping as it plunged into her again and again. Dream sat down on the couch, right in the middle, spreading his arms across the back.

“Good slaves don’t sit on the furniture, George,” he said, as George turned away from the TV. There was still a smile lurking behind his serious expression. He was enjoying every second of humiliating George.

George mustered up his trembling, shrinking pride. “Where the hell do you expect me to sit then?”

“On the floor, on your knees, at my feet. Like a good boy.”

George closed his eyes slowly. Every time he cursed at Dream, he was certain he was making his punishment worse - whatever it was. George had to do better at watching his mouth. At least here they were alone, with no crowds to see George’s degradation. George knelt, and crawled toward Dream until he was on his knees at Dream’s feet, facing him.

Dream smiled. “So much better, Gogy. Doesn’t that feel good? Just letting go, accepting the embarrassment? It’s one of my favorite things to see…” Dream watched George in silence for a few moments, likely waiting to see if he had anymore snarky responses, but George bit his tongue. “Should I make you kiss my boots again? Hm? Since you’re down there already…”

“Please don’t,” the words slipped out in a whisper, in desperation, fear blossoming at the prospect of more humiliation. George bit his lip, regretting that he let Dream hear that tone in his voice.

Dream leaned forward, elbows on his knees, so close George could smell the mint on his breath. “Please?” he mocked. “Begging already, Gogy?” His eyes searched over George’s face.

It was difficult to see that one white contact up close. It was creepy, like seeing a shadow in the background of a family photo that wasn’t supposed to be there. “Such a silly boy. Why are you down there, on your knees, begging for me not to order you to embarrass yourself?”

“I don’t know,” George said softly.

But he did know: he was understanding it more and more with every order, with every condescending glance and mocking word. George liked feeling as if he had no choice. He liked that he had an excuse to let go of his pride and do the filthy, degrading things that made his belly light. George couldn’t resist diving deeper; he couldn’t resist getting more of that feeling. 
If Dream ordered him to do the most utterly degrading, public act he could think of - he’d do it. Whatever punishment Dream came up with - George would let him administer it. He’d throw a fit about it, curse at him, call him names - but he would do it. George would do it because he wanted that twisting in his belly to tighten and the heat inside him to become a blaze. He would do it because it was the closest thing to freedom he felt: no room for pride, no place for carefully constructed laughter, no fake smiles, no pretending. George’s attempts to keep up his mask - sarcasm, arguing, disobeying - were quickly falling away, dismantled, piece by piece.
Giving Dream that power over him…maybe it was karma for what an asshole George has been to him. Maybe it was the biggest self-discovery George has ever encountered. Whatever it was, He couldn’t resist it.

“You do know, Gogy,” Dream said calmly. “You know there’s the surface level reasons: you accepted my dare, you acted like a disobedient little brat, and now you have to be put in your place. But you know there’s the deeper reasons too: you want to explore something that’s probably pretty new to you, something that’s giving you feelings you didn’t expect. Something you’re enjoying, even though you don’t think you’re supposed to.” Dream waited, probably hoping for another aggressive reaction out of George, but his lips remained tightly sealed. Dream smiled slowly, sadistically. “I’d hate to deprive you of something you enjoy, even if it scares you. Get your head down, angel. Left boot only. Kiss it. Clean it with your tongue.”

“Please,” George whispered again. Tighter this time, more desperate.

Dream just laughed. “You’re going to do exactly as I say,” he said softly. “No matter how much you whine and cry about it, you’re going to do it, Gogy.”

“I’m not crying.”

The idea of breaking down in tears in front of Dream sounded delicious. The idea of crying, begging, sobbing uncontrollably, only to have to give in and accept it in the end. George wanted to imagine Dream was forcing him. He wanted to imagine there would be dire consequences for refusal, instead of none at all. He wanted to imagine he hated Dream - just like he always insisted he did. The fantasy of it took George over like a high.

Dream leaned back in his seat again - calm, collected, waiting. “Obey me, George. Get your head down and let me see those pretty little wings of yours.”

An actual whimper came out of George’s throat. He looked down at the boots he had been commanded to put his mouth on once again. George could see the pale pink of his lipgloss shining on the leather, and he could still imagine the smell of them - that rich, sweet scent. The urge to run his tongue over them was strong, that strange desire returning with a vengeance. George dared one last look up at Dream. He was smiling as he watched George.

“Do it,” Dream said. “This is what you get for being a bad boy. You’ll learn.”

George’s stomach knotted up into a ball as he lowered his head. Crouched there, curled up small, George nuzzled his nose against the wrinkled, worn leather at Dream’s ankle. He let the roughness of Dream’s tight laces brush against his lips. George inhaled deeply, the intoxicating scent flooding his brain. What the hell was wrong with him? Since when did something like boots turn him on? It had never even crossed his mind, never worked its way into any fantasy he touched himself to. George pressed his lips to the leather, lingering there now that he no longer had all the eyes of a crowd on him. 
Heat rushed between George’s legs, his arousal intensifying as he placed his kisses lower, towards the dusty sole of Dream’s boot. The taste of dirt was on George’s lips but even that didn’t dissuade him. George pressed his forehead against Dream’s ankle as he kissed, utterly lost in that strange world of leather and laces and his own degradation.
There was a tap on George’s head, something pressing him down and keeping him there. Within moments George recognized the textured feeling of a boot sole, and realized Dream had pressed his opposite foot on top of his head.

George felt Dream shift, and knew he had leaned forward again by the nearness of his voice. “Use your tongue. Get it clean.”

George wanted to beg him, Please, please don’t make me, please don’t make me do it, I’ll be good, please… His heart was racing, his breath quickening, his arousal an ache that spread throughout his body and set all his nerves alight. George didn’t want to say no, he just wanted to beg. But he couldn’t manage any words with his face pressed down on Dream’s boot. 
Obediently, George stuck out his tongue and traced it along the leather. Smooth, pleasing, and almost tasteless except for that heady scent that he was now inhaling through his mouth. George licked around the toe, just above the sole, over his lipstick prints, up beside Dream’s laces. George savored every inch. He felt filthy, vile, completely disgusting…
George felt on fire, alive, utterly consumed in the high. He laughed from the giddiness. Licked and laughed, then laughed harder. George wanted to touch himself so badly…

“Head up.”

Dream’s opposite foot no longer held George down. Slowly, begrudgingly wrenching himself from whatever bizarre pit of a headspace he has fallen into, George raised his head. Still on his knees, George stared at Dream and waited.

“Thirsty? Dream held out the beer bottle.

George’s mouth was dry, and he reached for it eagerly, only to have Dream pull it back.

“Uh-uh, no hands.” Dream said as George put his hand down slowly, uncertainly. “Open your mouth, angel.”

George didn’t even hesitate to obey. It was as if the world had fallen away and all that was left was Dream’s gaze and the sound of his voice. Dream filled his mouth with beer - filled it, but didn’t swallow. He leaned forward…George knew exactly what Dream was going to do. George didn’t flinch. He didn’t back away. He didn’t close his mouth.
Dream leaned close, so close their lips nearly touched. He spit the beer into George’s mouth, all of it, not spilling a drop. It was still cold, refreshing on his tongue, but it tasted…it tasted like Dream. George knew it was Dream’s taste, he remembered it, and it sent a shudder of pleasure throughout his entire body. George’s arousal dripped as he gulped it down.
On screen, an unlucky teenager begged the killer not to stab him, his screams blasting from the speakers.

“That’s much better, angel,” Dream said. “If only you were this obedient all along, I wouldn’t have to punish you now.”

George was horrified that he was going to leave a wet spot on the carpet. Every time Dream mentioned “punishment,” it got worse. George couldn’t handle it anymore. He was too turned on, too humiliated, too desperate.

“Give me my thong back,” George said quickly. “Please.”

Dream frowned, still leaning close. “Why?”

“Just give it back!” George hissed, shifting his position uncomfortably. 

“I’m going to need a reason, Gogy,” Dream said calmly.

George clenched his fists. He wanted to slap Dream, to whine at him, to break down into more useless, pathetic begging. What had Dream done to him? How had he managed to reduce George to this?

“I…I’m…” The words garbled up in his throat.

George couldn’t say it, it was too embarrassing! But there was that wicked little voice again, whispering, egging him on. Go on, say it, spill it all. Let him know what a pathetic, desperate little whore you’ve become.
Dream’s fingers wrapped around George’s chin, forcing his gaze up. George couldn’t hide his blush, or the desperation of his expression. Dream said nothing, just locked George into that dark, creepy gaze. He didn’t even need to command George to speak; it just came spilling out.

“I’m wet and I’m afraid I’m going to drip on the carpet, okay?” George’s own gasp cut him off, a choked sound, full of shock and horror at his boldness. Except George wasn’t bold, not really: he was squirming, hot and humiliated.

“Is that so?” The smile that spread across Dream’s face only made it worse.

George hadn’t noticed before how sharp Dream’s canines were, like little fangs that could pierce into his skin.

“Oh, Gogy. Poor little angel. I’ve made a sinner out of you. Enjoying your punishment so much it’s making you wet. So cute.”

George wanted to look away. Instead he began whimpering again, staring at Dream helplessly, squeezing his legs together.

“Now I have to make your punishment even worse,” Dream said, his voice mockingly sad. “I can’t have you enjoying yourself that much.” He patted his lap. “Come here. Sit.”

George’s eyes widened. Here it was, the moment George had dreaded and desired. That little voice inside his head was still cheering cruelly, taunting him, You’re gonna get punished, you’re gonna get punished!
All George’s sassy protests died in his throat. All his thoughts of coming out of this with his pride still intact were shoved aside by vivid fantasies of Dream spanking him, Dream’s palm making contact with George’s bare ass again and again, until George was crying uncontrollably as Dream laughed.
George had no doubt that was what his punishment would be. It could be nothing else, and it granted Dream the opportunity to hurt George, humiliate him, and make his arousal worse all at once. Dream’s eyes were wide, bright in the dim light from the flashing TV. His white eye seemed to glow. Haunting music played over the speakers, and George crawled up onto Dream’s lap, his back to Dream.

Dream’s hands gripped George’s hips and he leaned forward, pressed against George’s back, and said softly in George’s ear, “Do you understand what a safeword is?”

George gulped. “Yes.”

“Yours is Red. Call it if you need to. Although, now that I’m seeing how much of a little masochist you are, I don’t think you’ll be calling it. You know what you deserve.”

“I’m not a masochist!” George hissed. 

But the words felt false. The wetness between George’s legs was getting worse as his fear over his punishment intensified. If George didn’t move soon, he’d get a wet spot on Dream’s pants, and he knew Dream had no intention of letting him go anywhere. George tried to squeeze his legs together, but it didn’t make a difference since he was straddling Dream’s lap.
As George moved, he felt the hardness in Dream’s crotch and froze. Dream was enjoying this, really enjoying it - god, he felt big.

“You’ve been a bad boy, George,” Dream whispered harshly. “A very bad boy. You deserve to be punished.”

George held his breath so he wouldn’t start gasping. Dream’s words squirmed inside George’s brain and straight down to whatever nerves controlled his dick. The heat between his legs felt unreal, too extreme to be a reasonable reaction to simply hearing someone speak. Before George truly realized what he was doing, he pressed himself against Dream’s crotch, so that his hard dick made contact with George’s aching tip and George moved against Dream, claiming the only physical stimulation he had all night. George nearly moaned just from that tiny moment of pleasure, the contact so good that it sent a shudder all the way up his spine.

Dream’s hand gripped into George’s hair, right at the nape of his neck.
“Naughty angel. Very naughty. You really think that’s what you deserve right now?” He pulled George back, his mouth close against George’s ear and whispered. “You deserve to have your tip aching all night. You deserve to have duct tape slapped over it so you can’t touch it while I crush your dick under my boot.”

The sound that came out of George was somewhere between a sob and a groan. Fuck, that was disgusting and wrong and so…so hot. It was terrifying and cruel and…damn it…how could he want that? How could that thought turn him on?

“But we’ll get to that, won’t we, angel?” He pressed George forward. Then further…further. “Bend over. Head down to the ground.”

George had to reposition himself to manage what Dream was demanding. With George’s torso and face dangling off the couch, Dream forced George to put his legs up so that his thighs straddled Dream’s lap and all his intimate parts were bared, open and spread for Dream. He moved George’s feet behind him, crossing George’s ankles and leaning back, so George was effectively locked into position. 

“Awww, angel, you’re so wet.” His hands squeezed George’s thighs, his rough palms moving higher until his thumbs fit right beneath the curve of George’s ass. George opened his mouth in a silent gasp, thankful for the darkness and his lowered face helping to hide the fire that was blazing across his cheeks. After all the shit he’d given Dream, after all the nasty things he said behind Dream’s back, said to his face - George was completely melting in Dream’s hands. He was craving Dream’s touches, craving his grip. George began to shake as he was held there, bent over, helpless except for the safeword that waited tucked at the back of his brain, utterly unwanted.

“Feeling a little scared now?” Dream murmured, as George’s legs shook. “You’ll be more afraid in a moment, you know. But it’s alright: the door is shut, and the music out there is so loud that you can scream and cry all you want, but you won’t disturb anyone.”

“Fuck you,” George hissed. “Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.” The words weren’t angry - they were desperate, needy, heavy with desire. “Please Dream, don’t…don’t…”

“Don’t what?” Dream chuckled. “Don’t punish you? Hmm? Is that it? My naughty little angel doesn’t want to be punished?” His voice, suddenly, was serious. “If you really don’t want this, say so now. Right now. You’re safe to do that, I promise you.”

“I want it,” George’s voice cracked, but he had to be honest. He had to tell Dream the truth. “I’ll use my safeword, if I need to, but I…I want it.”

He squeezed George’s ass, kneading and gripping George’s flesh in his hands. “Such a cute little ass, Gogy. It’ll look even cuter with bruises.”

The final chase scene in the movie had begun. A woman ran through the empty halls of a hospital, limping, looking behind her with wide, terrified eyes as the killer made his slow, trudging way after her. He’d catch her eventually. They always did. 
Dream’s palm slapped across George’s ass with a crack loud enough to be heard over the horrifying screaming coming from the screen. George sucked in his breath, then held it through the next swat, and the next, and the next - but the fifth - god damnit! Dream was determined to break him. George could feel it in the strength Dream was putting into every slap. George’s skin was tingling, then stinging, then burning. He had never been spanked like this. Little slaps on the ass during sex, sure; but bent over and slapped repeatedly, purposefully, painfully? Never. Dream’s sixth smack made George shriek and wiggle his feet, a useless attempt at squirming away from the pain.

“It’s okay to struggle, angel,” Dream’s voice was soft, soothing. “Struggle all you need to, you won’t get away. You’ll stay right here and take your punishment until you’ve learned your lesson.”

Smack, smack, smack! George was wiggling in earnest now, grinding over Dream’s lap. His dick kept rubbing against Dream’s jeans, and the tangle of pain and pleasure made George moan.
Dream moved his legs, and George felt that pressure on the back of his head again - Dream had slid one leg over George’s back and pressed his boot onto George, forcing his face against the carpet and holding him pinned.

“Doesn’t it feel better to be restrained?” Dream said, speaking over the brutally loud sound of the swats he kept raining down on George. “Doesn’t it feel good knowing that you’re getting what’s best for you? Learning to be a good boy.”

George gave a long low cry, the pain and his nearly unbearable humiliation winning out over his pride. Just a few more swats, George told himself. Just a few more. But there were always more, and more, the pain growing worse as his ass grew hotter. Dream was right: in some twisted way, putting all his strength into struggling and finding that it got George nowhere. George couldn’t kick his legs, he couldn’t squirm away, he couldn’t even raise his head up from the floor. He had no choice but to submit, to give into the punishment and accept the pain.
George was getting wetter from this, but with Dream’s leg on top of him, George could no longer grind his crotch against Dream, and that denial was a whole new torment. George was so tense, he was certain that the slightest touch from Dream’s hand would make him cum instantaneously. His dick was pulsating with need, his nerves on fire.
George wanted Dream to touch him, desperately. Instead Dream switched back and forth between slapping first one cheek, and then the other, the burn so intense that George’s eyes welled up with tears.

George was squirming and yelping with every strike, and finally, when he knew he couldn’t take anymore without crying from the awful sting of it, George began to beg, “Please, stop, stop, stop, I’m sorry, please, Dream, I’m sorry!”

“Are you really?” The swats paused.

On screen, the girl had been cornered by the killer in the woods. She was screaming, crying, begging for her life.

“Yes!” George shook under Dream’s boot, trying to move his face enough so he could look up at Dream and show him how sincere he was. “I’m sorry! I won’t talk back anymore!”

“You’ll be a good boy? You’ll obey?”

“Yes,” George groaned, and remembered something Dream told him earlier. “Yes, Master. I’ll obey.”

“That’s better.” Dream’s boot slowly moved off George’s head.

The girl on screen had been caught. Every stab of the knife into her chest was punctuated by the shrieking of violin strings.

Dream helped George sit up, slowly, and eased him back onto his lap despite George’s ass stinging as it made contact with his jeans. George settled against Dream’s chest, the buckles of his harness cold against George’s back. For a moment, all George wanted to do was lay there close to Dream, feeling his heartbeat against his back. Dream’s arms encircled George in an embrace - soothing but not demanding. When George settled into it with a heavy, trembling sigh, Dream’s hold tightened. 
Slowly, George drifted back to reality. The house around them felt real again. He could hear the bass thumping through the walls, and the distant murmur of the crowd. Dream’s fingers traced circles on George’s arm.

“Are you alright, Gogy?” Dream murmured.

George nodded, then said, “I can’t believe you…you actually…”

“I can’t believe you let me,” Dream said softly.

George sat up, enough so that he could look back at Dream. Dream wiped a rogue tear from George’s eye before it could fall, and George leaned into Dream’s hand.
Dream Wastaken - weirdo, freakshow Dream Wastaken. He made George feel safe and terrified, protected and brutalized, all at once. But it wasn’t only that. 
In that moment, George wanted nothing more than to get in Dream’s pants.

“Are you going to be a good boy from now on then?” Dream said, taking George’s chin in his hands. “No more sass?”

George smiled. “I can’t promise no sass. But…I’ll try to be good.”

“Sliding into your old ways so soon?” Dream chuckled. “It’s been two minutes and now you’ll only try to be good?”

“Being good is hard for a bad boy,” George said. He traced his fingers up Dream’s chest, wondering what it would look like without his shirt. “But you know…it may help me be good…if you fucked me.”

Dream’s calm expression was rattled by his surprise. George was used to boys falling head over heels for him, scrambling for the opportunity to sleep with him. But as his surprise subsided, Dream just smiled slowly, as if George had said something silly.

Dream squeezed George’s cheeks and gave his face a shake. “Oh, Gogy. I can’t make it that easy for you, now can I? Thats’no fun. I like watching you struggle.”

George pouted, wiggling on Dream’s lap so he could grind up against him. “Of course it would be fun! Just a quickie-“

“No, angel.” His voice was firm. “Not yet. When I fuck you - if I do - it won’t be some quick fuck on a couch. I’ll make you scream.”

George could usually roll his eyes at boys’ promises of overwhelming sexual prowers, but from Dream - George believed him. He didn’t dare doubt what Dream was capable of, and George wanted him even more. The desire was going to drive him crazy. How could he possibly manage to rejoin the party after this and behave normally?

George wasn’t used to not getting what he wanted. His voice became a whine. “Please, Master. Come on.”

George moved his hips in a slow, smooth circle, and felt Dream’s dick twitch against him. Ha! How could he possibly resist that? But instead of unclasping George’s bra, Dream reached around and gripped George’s hair. The painful tug made George still instantly, hissing at the pain.

“When I say no,” Dream’s voice was low, a warning. “It means no. Understand?”

“Yes, Master,” George’s response was quick. As horny as it had made him, George did not want to get bent over and spanked again.

“You’re going to be patient for me,” Dream said, holding George’s head in such a way that George couldn’t look away from his gaze. “You’re going to suffer and wait. And every time I order you to do something, it’ll feel a little worse. You’ll just have to take it.”

The very fact that Dream dared to deny George…the balls on that guy were monstrous. Dream stood up suddenly, dragging George with him. He was holding George close against his chest with his hand still tangled in George’s hair. 

Looking up at Dream like that made George quiver, yet somehow, in total disregard for self-preservation, he whimpered, “That’s not fair.”

Dream tweaked up an eyebrow, and said slowly. “Not fair? Not fair, angel?”

George gulped. Oh, regret, regret, instant regret! “Well…I mean…you…you can’t just…”

“I can’t just what?” His grip on the back of George’s hair tightened, tugging George down, forcing him back to his knees as Dream leaned over. “I can do whatever I want, angel. I can make you suffer all night and never give you release. I can spank you again just because I like hearing you scream - and you do sound so pretty when you scream.”

George’s ass burned as it pressed against his folded legs. George didn’t want another spanking when his skin was already so angry.

“I’ll call my safety word then,” George whimpered. He didn’t expect Dream to find that funny.

“Your safety word means that this stops, angel. That’s what it’s for. It’s not a way to get what you want, it’s a way to keep you safe.”

But George didn’t want it to stop! He wanted to get off, desperately. 

George squirmed unhappily, “You’re so mean.”

Dream grinned, and kissed George’s forehead. “Oh, angel. You have no idea.”

I walk into school, that was probably just a one time fling right? right. but then i see him, shit, i duck into the crowd, i do not want him to spot me- i quickly head to math, the long way, so i can avoid him. But by the time history rolls around, i know its inevitable.

So he’s avoided me at lunch, break, and  the hallway. Now i can talk to him “hey-” i say flipping around in my seat

i jump, fuck i hate social interaction, “h-hi-” i reply, watching as sapnap turns his glare from me, to clay. 

“so- why’d you avoid me?” i say, getting straight to the point. “i-i,” he stutters, “im….” “nerves?” i guess.

spot on, “yeah- sorry for that” i say apologetically. “nah nah its fine- i get it,” he says nonchalantly. “you do?” i say bewildered. he does?!?!?

“mmhm” i reply, “you know there’s a band tryout, today,” he tilts his head “no kidding, there is?”

“focus.” the teacher states. I stare at him incredulously but try my best. Man that tie is distracting.


After class clay confronts me again, this time outside and with sapnap by his side. “you gonna do it?” he says. “what?” i reply, feeling stupid. “dont worry i forget today, my brains- yeah, i meant band tryout,” he says shrugging. “oh god-” i say, “i dont know if i would survive.”

I chuckle and sapnap nudges me, “can we go clay.” “you go on ahead sap,” i motion and he walk away, rolling his eyes. 

“well are you joining anything?” he looks around then says “honestly, i know sports is supposed to be my thing, but you got me thinking,” i got him thinking…. about what exactly?

“I might try music- OH-” i bounce up and down, “we should do it together! theres another tomorrow! i think-” i check my phone, “yup!” 

“well, i guess this is happening!” i say, half terrified and half excited. “awesome!”  he exclaims, “i shouldnt keep sap waiting, so, bye!” “bye!” i reply back. Jesus I’m so confused right now- what in the world made him suddenly take interest in me? ME! of all people..” 

As i walk away he seems lost in his thoughts, interesting, i catch up with sapnap. “i have a question for you.” he says, airily. “and i have an answer,” i reply. “what makes you want to hang out with that guy in particular-? why do you suddenly have an interest in them,” he questions, accusatorially. ah, the few questions i dont have answers to. i grunt, “to be honest sap, i have no fucking idea,” none at all.

The door bell started going ballistic. Me and Finn decided to hide behind the kitchen counter, waiting to suprise Tommy and Tubbo. I explained to the blonde that he didn’t have to hide, but he seemed persistent to do so. George went to go get the door once we got situated.

I could see the two enterby looking at one of the mirrors we had hung up as decoration. I got up from behind the counter without making any noise since the bunch was facing the opposite direction. We snuck up behind them and cupped their eyes. Finn moved Tommy, his hands over the boys blue eyes, so he was facing me without seeing me. 

“This isn’t funny…George?” I moved Tubbos head with my hands still on his eyes, indicating that he was wrong. “Oh, come on, who is it? The last time someone did this, it took me five minutes to guess who they were.”

Tommys face contorted, his mouth hanging wide open possibly after a strike of realization hit him. “Is it who I think it is?” He asked as his voice rose higher.

“If you think it’s Philza Minecraft, you are extremely wrong and highly likely to suffer dissatisfaction.” I uncovered Tubbos eyes and Finn did the same for Tommy.

Tubbo turned around immediately and plainly stared. I knew he didn’t prefer to be hugged, also and more accurately meaning he would kick the person hugging him in the lower region, so I didn’t ask for a hug. I was more shocked than Tommy was after finding out I was CharlieNotLost, the same girl who bumped into him at the mall only to annoy the crap out of him when Tubbo hugged me. 

I hadn’t at all expected it plus he had used a lot of extra force, so the hug nearly made me tip over all together. “Charlie!” He yelled, letting go of me as quick as he hugged me. 

“Hi.”

I realized Tommy hadn’t moved even one bit. He only stood there looking at me blankly. Tubbo turned and saw the child standing so stiffly, shrugging at his behavior. The look on his face wasn’t even describable. It was full of expression, yet expressionless.

“What?” I asked, finally breaking the silence. Finn had supposedly moved away from sight after letting go of Tommy because I couldn’t see him anywhere.

“I would call you ugly, but with a heavy sigh, I must say…you are related to George after all.” He said dramatically. “I like your hair colored, when did you get it?”

“First, I just got complimented by a sixteen year old child, feeling good. Second, my new coworker and friend went with me and I trusted him with this. Surprisingly, he didn’t fail me.” 

Tommy nodded, still looking my way. “Can I by any chance get a hug?” He muttered. I shrugged as he came to hug me. “Who was cupping my eyes if you were doing Tubbos?”

“Suprise!” He went frozen seeing Finn pop out from behind the counter. “Hello, Tommy and Tubbo.” Finn spoke normally. 

Tommy’s eyes practically enlarged as soon as he heard the other blondes voice leave his mouth. Tubbo looked at him, pale in the face before questioning him. “What is your name exactly?”

“Finn.” He held out his hand though Tommy went in for a hug instead. Tubbo walked over and shook his free hand, admiring the boy.

“Is there something I’m missing here?” I asked, gaping at the three as if they were doing the oddest things in the universe.

“Clearly.” Tommy said like it was an obvious statement. “Wilbur, me and Tubbo are real good friends with this lad…even if he is an american.”

Finn pulled me onto the couch after sitting himself down. “Oh.”

“Yes. Oh, Charlie. Oh.” The child retorted. I stuck my tongue out at him as he did the same. 

“Let us get to the watchiing of the television.” Finn faked a french accent.

“Si.” 

Tommy scoffed and gave me a weird look. “The fuck is wrong with you?”

“Hey, I can and will speak spanish when I want to.”

Me and Tommy fought nonsensically for a few minutes, but the child eventually calmed down. We all sat on the sofa and once everyone was comfortably situated, George unpaused the film. It was ‘Harry Potter & The Order Of The Phoenix’ also to be further known as a theatrical masterpiece. 

I brought everyone bowls of popcorn, specifically the white cheddar cheese kind because it is superior and no one can convince me otherwise. It had only been a few minutes into the film when I felt a warm hand intertwine itself in mine. Finn brought his other arm behind my head, fiddling with my ear.

I looked at him, but he was watching the film with full attention, unaware of my lustrous gaze. I smiled as he started tugging lightly at one of my earrings, playing with it. After finishing around half of the film, Finn asked if we could ice the cupcakes now. The three other boys decided to help as well.

It was really fun. Tommy, Tubbo and I kept arguing over random stuff like who was prettier, George or Niki while Finn and George grawled over there own factors. Then we got caught on the topic of Draco Malfoy. 

Finn stated how much more handsome he was than the actor, but I did not succumb to his stubbornness. In all honesty, I agreed with him, I just refused to accept defeat and tell him. 

And yes.

The whole thing was caught in four thousand or something. By now, the cupcakes were fully iced, kind of wacky looking, but that didn’t mattter. All I really cared about was the taste of the dessert. 

Tubbo picked up his phone, cleaning his hands with a rag. “Tommy?” He tugged at the youngers t-shirt. “We have to get going. Your dad’s picking us up from here and driving us over to my house for a sleepover.”

“Okay.” Tommy took the brunettes hand. “Bye everyone.” He waved at us and headed for the door. 

“Bye.” I replied, trying to take one of the iced cupcakes from the refrigerator. “Make sure to text me later. I have a wonderful suprise for you, Innit.”

“What have you done this time?” 

I ran up to door and closed it on his face, so he wouldn’t question me anymore. “Now, Finn you can stay if you would like, but I have to stream soon. You can join the stream if you want.” 

“No, it’s okay. I have to make up for my excused absence earlier today.” He giggled. “I loved hanging out with you. George, I still say I’m right.”

George rolled his eyes. “Ah, shut up.” 

“Okay, I’ll see y’all on the flipside.”

“No wonder Yommy doesn’t like americans.”

“You’re annoying.”

“Yeah, yeah. Bye, mate.”

He scoffed. “See you later, mate.” Finn mocked my accent, making a run for the door. 

“Annoying motherfucker.” I said, jumping onto the sofa next to my brother. 

“Lovable motherfucker.” George popped a popcorn kernel into his mouth.

“Sir, what?”

My head spun to the side though all I saw was Finn sitting there, singing away happily. His lime green eyes were sparkling with a sudden joy when I stared into them, an endless desire to see the tea kettle of a man standing here.

The song finished rather quickly, Finn was smiling widely. He has such a cute smile, it made him look prettier than he had earlier. I mouthed a few words to him, thanking him for singing along. 

“Thank you to tonight’s audience for visiting this cafe. Make sure to come again and tell all of your friends.” I waved to the customers and stood, following the blonde as he had went for the counter. “And thank you for singing beautifully with me, Finn.” 

“Anything for a fellow staff member and friend.” Finn grinned, a light blush across his faintly freckled cheeks. I headed for the back room, putting my guitar away in Chases office since he wouldn’t mind. 

I was traveling to the front door, not really ready to leave when I felt a hand on my shoulder. “Hey, Charlie- Wait.” 

“Yes?” I turned around to look at him crookinh my neck slightly from the height difference. 

“Would you like to hangout anytime soon? You seem like a fun person and I was wondering if you wanted to either be friends or-.”

“Sure, Finn. We can hangout as soon as I’m not busy with my other work. I’ll have to make sure I’m free.”

“Yeah, no I completely understand.”

“It’s a- friendly date?”

He slid his hands into the pocket of his black sweatpants. “Yeah, of course. That would be nice.” 

“Oh, can I get your number?” I asked, him nodding and handing me the green phone. 

I looked down, typing my digits into the phoen while staring at his feet. Sketchers? I’ll have to fix this mans shoe game after awhile. “Charlie?”

“Yes?”

“Is that friend of yours who lives overseas, is he your boyfriend?” I looked back at him and tried holding in my laughter at the question.

“Which one? We have Sampam, Karlos Jacobes, Alexis the iPad kid, and Corpsie.” 

He rolled his eyes. “You know who.”

“Fine. The answer is no. We don’t even know how the other looks.” 

“Do I smell someone’s pants on fire?” 

“Are you saying I’m lying.” I crossed my arms and he shrugged.

“I’m pretty sure that atleast one of y’all knows how the other one looks.”

“No. Half of my friends don’t know what I look like.” I said as if it were the most normal thing in the universe.

“I’m sure your best friend certainly does.” 

“No, he doesn’t.”

“We’ll see.” He vaguely mumbled though not very well since I could still hear him. 

“Huh?”

“Nothing.”

I furrowed my eyebrows, looking at him. “You are an odd person, Finn. I’ll be leaving now. Goodnight and goodbye.”

“Sweet dreams, Charlie.”

I strolled down the street from the loft building and across the street to the new cafe. It was on the corner, so it was easy to spot. The bell dinged above my head as I pushed the door and stepped inside, heading to the counter.

“Hello, how can I help you today?” I looked around before spotting a beautiful black haired girl who was holding a tray of cookie samples. 

I smiled at her. “I’m here to apply for live entertainment on behalf of the owner.” The line seemed, so familiar when leaving my mouth. My voice was now calmer and my heavy accent overtook it. 

The bell rang from behind me as I stepped out the way for whoever had entered the cafe premises. It was a tall blonde haired boy. He wasn’t as tall as Wilbur, but he was still pretty tall, adding on the fact I was a pretty tall person. 

I didn’t realize, but I had been staring at him for an uncomfortable amount of time though he seemed to be staring back or more realistic, glancing my way. I looked into his green eyes as we made eye contact, them shining in the light like jewels. 

“Hello, miss? Hello?” I snapped out of my trance and shook my head lightly, shaking off the feeling which had overcome me. I looked back to the sweet waitress awaiting what she had to say. “I was going to say that the owner of this cafe will be here later today, in two hours or so. My shift just ended and I can’t sort out these things.”

“Oh, it’s completely fine. Thank you for your help. My name is Charlie, it’s been nice meeting you.” I held my hand out for her to shake, which she did while oddly gaping at me. 

“I’m Irene. Its nice to meet you as well. You kind of sound like this one girl who streams and plays-.” I cut the girl off by cupping her mouth and stepping closer to her. The blonde walked past me and out the front door with a box in hand. 

I let go of the girl, not wanting to murder her by suffocation. “Shush. Yes, I am who you think I am, but please don’t tell anyone. I’m trusting you with my life right now.” 

“Don’t worry. It’s a pleasure to meet you. You’re very pretty in real life.” She gave me a welcoming smile. “I’m a huge fan of all of yours.”

“Thank you so much. If I were honest, I walked in here and thought you were gorgeous. Its actually not that bad meeting fans.” I put my shoulder bag down on the table and took a seat, Irene sitting across from me.

“You didn’t have to tell me who you were, you know.” She said, taking her apron off and leaving for the counter. 

I stood up and followed over to where she was. “Well, I did. You are now obligated to being my friend. I’m joking, but if you’re free-.”

“I would love that. I’m still in shock that I met you.” She put away some cups and slid a paper into something. “Let me quickly change and then we can go wherever you like.” 

“Do you like the park?” I grabbed an apple and looked at her to ask whether I could take it. She nodded to answer both my questions. 

“Yes,of course. I’ll be right back.” 

The door of the staff room opened as I watched her leave at the some moment the front door rang again. The tall man from earlier walked in once more. This time he went behind the counter and put on a apron. I kept staring at him, trying to figure out who he reminded me of. 

“I’m finished.” Irene said, making me jump a little and keeping me from thinking about the boy for too long. “So the park?”

“Yes, but do you want to come over to my house? I need to change and I know you would like meeting George.” Her eyes were big regularly, but they expanded as I mentioned my brother. 

“Oh my gosh, really? That sounds wonderful, but I’ll only go if it’s alright with you.” I grabbed my purse from the table and started leading her across the street. 

-

I pressed floor thirteen on the elevator, the machine jolting upwards slowly. The elevator stopped on floor five as Mr.Jeon and his grandson walked in. “Annyeong.”

“Annyeonghaseyo, Vi.” He greeted back, stepping inside. 

“Eolin aileul an-ado doelkkayo?” I asked to hold his grandson who was whining in his arms. I didn’t hate children entirely, some were okay. He nodded and handed me him carefully. “Geuui ileum-eun mueos-ibnikka?”

“Seo Min.” He answered me. I tried calming the baby boy down and he was fast asleep by the time we got to the ninth floor. “God boja, Vi.”

“Annyeong.” Mr.Jeon waved the babys tiny hands at me and smiled. Irene greeted him off like I had, making me wonder if she was natively Korean. She had all the beautiful features and perfect skin. 

“Are you from Korea or do you speak the language?” I questioned, taking some gummies from my shoulder bag. 

“I’m from Seoul. How do you speak the language so perfectly?”

I shrugged. “I don’t know, I’m bilingual.” 

Silence.

“You look kind of uncomfortable.” 

“Jeans, you know. I’m usually wearing sweatpants, so I didn’t find any clean pair of jeans I could wear other than this old thing.” 

Silence.

“How did you start learning Korean?”

“I used to live in Korea while I studied as a transfer student.”

“I see.”

Silence.

“Do you like roller coasters, Vikki?”

“Yeah, I absolutely love them.”

Silence.

“Have you ever been to Everland?”

“Are you kidding, I love that place.”

Silence.

“Do you have any pictures, I haven’t been there, yet.”

“Oh, yeah. I do, let me just-.”

I pulled my phone out of my pockets, opening my camera gallery and scrolling through to the photos from when I visited the amusement park. I pulled up one of me and my best friends, Taehyung and Jungkook in front of the ferris wheel waving to one of his band members. 

The doors of the elevator opened up on our floor. I informed Irene to follow me as we stepped off the lift. “Who are those people in the picture?” She asked me, curiously looking at Jungkook. 

“My old friends. They live in Korea and we used to spend a lot of time together, but then I had to move and with different time zones, my art projects, and these two’s band, we basically had no time to speak.” 

Irene nodded, understanding the situation I was in. I pulled her to our front door and grabbed my keys from my shoulder bag, the keychains jingling as they smashed into each other. “This idiot isn’t going to answer the door, so I must have to do it.”

“Right, he must be streaming at about this time, correct?” She questioned, looking around. 

“Welcome to our humble home! We have the kitchen and the living room and who could forget our wonderful pair of stairs.” I gestured my hand around, dragging her around with me. “I can. I have forgotten how to walk up these steps, so many times.”

“This place is beautifully decorated.” I sat the girl down and offered her a glass of tea or juice, but she declined quickly. 

“Thank you. I decorated it. I have a lot of free time nowadays since my art paintings and other submissions are complete.” I placed my bag on the kitchen counter and walked to the sofa. 

“We shouldn’t bother George since he’s busy streaming. Tell me more about your friends.” Irene crossed her legs. “Is it fine if I put my legs up on the sofa?”

“Anything you want…” I said before hushing myself into a whisper. “Just to put a smile on it.” 

“What was that?”

I rubbed the back of my neck, trying to look for an excuse for my terrible habit. “N-noth- photos.”

I held my phone out and flipped through some of the nicest pictures the three of us had taken together. I loved photography and Taehyung did as well, so most of the photos were taken from us. 

“How did you guys become friends?” Irene asked, zooming in one of the photos which had us on a roller coaster. We were all smiling while everyone was screaming or had their eyes closed. 

“Taehyung and I met at school during a concert. He was playing the saxophone and I was trying to learn it, so like the gentleman he is, Taehyung walked over and helped.” 

I was staring at the screen, a photo of us three casually eating cotton candy on a pirate ship ride. “Jungkook was his best friend and band mate at the time and when I met him, we instantly clicked.”

My heart was aching as a small video clip of me and the rest of Taehyungs band played. Everyone looked so incredibly happy. Especially my two best friends. Leaving them was a horrible choice. 

I felt incredibly shattered, but I didn’t react on the outside. All I could think about was how much I missed those two. They used to have so much free time to spend and they would use it all on me. I wish I could repay them somehow.

Maybe by moving back to Korea?

“Charlie? Charlie, snap out of it!” Irene shook my side too take me out of the trance I was being held captive in. 

“S-sorry. Moving on, we have somewhere else to be. I’ll be upstairs changing if you need anything.” I started walking away and up the steps.

-

I had told George that a friend of mine was over, but he didn’t really pay attention to me since he was so focused on whatever kind of role play he was doing. I rolled my eyes and walked into my room to change into a pair of black baggy cargo pants and a casual white croped tee with navy stripes.

I headed back downstairs to see that Irene was on the phone with someone. I stayed silenet, but sat on the end of the sofa, so I didn’t look like I wasn’t purposely trying to eavesdrop. Loki, my australian shepherd puppy came around the corner and hopped on my lap.

She smiled at me and responded to the person on the other end. After a minuet or two of complete silence, she greeted whoever it was and smiled ever so brightly, I thought she would explode. 

“Are you okay? You look like you just won a million dollars. Did you? Did I?” I questioned, her brightened face warped into a confused look.

“It’s nothing, I’m just so happy for one of my friends. When are we leaving for the park?” Irene bounced up from the soda and basically yanked me off.

I looked to my puppy who had hopped off my lap from the sudden movement. “I’m bringing Loki and Bennett.”

“Bennett? Another dog?” 

I nodded and called for my other puppy. I had australian shepherds, two of their kind and twins on that matter. Bennett slowly stumbled down the stairs as Irene gaped at him before crouching to his height. 

She scratched behind his ear with a small giggle before gesturing to the door. As Irene opened the door, I yelled that me and her were leaving, yet there was no response. It was so silent that you could hear a pin drop and it would be the loudest sound you would hear. 

I knew George was up there, enjoying himself with Dream and the others with that silly game I loved so much and it made me feel bad inside. I mumbled a curse under my breath and broke the silence with a slam to the door. 

-

Bennet was on a leash being held onto by my newly made friend and I was cradling the other in my arms. It was a silent walk to the park, but still peaceful. We searched the grassy area for a place to sit and found a spot right under a large tree with shade. On the other hand, it was next to a duck pond.

I let the twins run free because they never strayed far from where I was. The silence was eating me alive since I wasn’t used to getting much quiet. “You wouldn’t mind if I quizzed you, right?”

I stretched my hand out closer to the lake, feeling the cool water against my calloused skin.

Irene shook her head. “Not at all, but you have to promise to answer the questions you ask me as well.” 

“Thats my girl.” I said proudly. “How old are you? I’m twenty in a few weeks.” My gaze directed to another person as they walked past. 

It was the tall man from the cafe. I didn’t realize I had been staring until Irene tapped my shoulder lightly. “I’m twenty two. Whats on your mind?”

Irene tried looking around for what my eye had been so focused on, but shrugged when she saw nothing. I shook my head and she gave me a confused look once again. 

“Nothing is on my mind.” I looked past her head to see the boy was sitting on the bench across from the path separating us. “Are you dating anyone? Also, if your comfortable with saying so, what is your sexuality? I’m single and I’m bisexual.”

I was still listening to the girl, so she claimed one of my sense, but the other was taken by the gorgeous, green eyed man. “I’m single as well, but I’m asexual.” 

The man finally titled his head from his phone and locked eyes with me. I didn’t look away and neither did he, our eyes gazing into the depths of one anothers. The fact this man wasn’t showing a hint of being uncomfortable by the stare was mesmerizing to me. I backed my head against the truck of the tree and opened my mouth to speak.

“Which minecraft content creator do you have a crush on?” I never dared break eye contact with the man. He didn’t either, not even when a small furry calico with a lime collar jumped next to him. 

“Well, Dream-.” Irene started to say as I was taken by so much suprise to the words that I kind of jolted back into reality. My heart oddly started pounding, trying to break out of my chest. “…he hasn’t face revealed and I can’t really know if he’s my type. I guess, George?”

She finished the rest of her sentence and I threw my head into my hands in some sort of relief that I didn’t know I was holding back. The blonde man was still there, eight on the bench, but he was now playing with his cat. 

“Oh, thank the fucking lord.” I mumbled turning my head away to the pond. I saw a small family of ducks waltzing by in a straight line. 

“What was that? Sorry, I couldn’t really hear you.” Irene tapped at my shoulder, questioning me. 

“I ask the questions here. My minecraft content creator crush is me.” I shrugged and she laughed at my reponse. 

“Oh, come on.” 

Irene had either spoken in an altered voice by using a voice filter or Clay was seated right by me saying the iconic quote of his. It set me off, glancing at her weirdly as she stole my attention from the ducks.

“Um…they’re all assholes when you fully get to know them?” I really sounded so unsure of myself that even a complete stranger would think I was lying. “Besides, I wouldn’t ever date any of them.”

My voice drifted away like a peice of wood in the open sea. Except lets make it, so that the wood was a raft and the open sea was taking me to Florida. An amazing plan, ten out of ten would definitely recommend.

“I respect that. Can I ask you a few questions now?” Irene questioned as I nodded. The blonde had completely disappeared from view now. I stopped searching around for him and payed full attention to Irene. 

“You definitely deserve it for keeping me company and you know, totally not exposing who I was.” I joked, looking at the black haired girl. Loki came over and rested his head on my thigh. 

“How many of your streamer friends have seen your face?” She asked me. I scrunched my half frozen nose, a cold gust of wind hit my face head on. 

“George is my brother, so that’s obvious he’s seen it. Wilbur saw it when Dream set me up on a ‘date’ with him, also known as the first time we met. Tommy saw my face when we met at the mall and we didn’t know who the other was. I mean, I knew who he was, but I didn’t know he knew George and Dream. No one else. Never mind, Corpse has seen my face as well. I’m also pretyy sure that the boys are competing for whoever gets to see my face next.” 

My reply was nonchalant as she nodded along, taking in the information I was practically handing her on a silver platter. I rubbed my hands together and put them on my face since the wind was blowing a little more. Strangely, it had only began once the boy had left. Mother nature must have had a son. 

“Clever girl. We wouldn’t want any of the non brother like boys to see your face. They would ask for tour hand in marriage on the spot.” Irene laughed, scratching my dogs belly. 

I smiled. “Yes, almost instantly. Thanks for the compliment.” Irene grinned back at me before her phone started ringing. It went ballistic in her hand until she excused herself from the spot to answer it.

I once again rested my head against the trees dark trunk, the wind feeling colder and colder by the second. I was thinking about the blonde man from earlier. He was cute, gorgeous actually. 

Somehow, one of the prettiest men I had seen. No one could compare in complexion to my beloved Corpsie. And this is the kind of moment where I nedd to be able to use a ‘/j’ in real life. 

Going back to the subject, the blonde was honestly really handsome, but was he the type of person I preferred. That was the question. Shall we put him to the test or does thy pretty man perish in loneliness. 

To be honest, he probably has a girlfriend or boyfriend. Maybe he’s gay. If he is, I need his secrets on having such clear skin. He’s probably one of those that use three in one shampoo, conditioner and toothpaste. 

He was literally a ray of honking sunshine. Curse him for making me and the rest of the peasants who decided to come to the park cold. This reminds me of me and Karls jam sessions for whatever reason. 

Probably since we sing Sweater Weather like every time. I’m not complaining though, Karl has the cutest little singing voice. Plus he has the same dance moves I do. I personally think I’m a terrible dancer, but he pulls it off somehow. 

I felt someone shake me lightly and I opened my eyes. Irene stood there, holding her hand out to me to stand up. “Sorry, I spaced out. What or who was it?”

“The manager will see you now.”

“Far out, it sounds like you’re dealing with a Karen.”
